Summary and Description
Thanks to all of you! I appreciate the Piazza and direct thanks from all of you. But from me and from the rest of the staff let us say thanks too.For all of us -- myself, Emily, and the TAs -- being part of the first course in CS is a privilege. We get the pleasure of helping you get started on the  of research university computer science. Or learning not to &#34;just bang on the keyboard till it works&#34;! It&#39;s a real pleasure for all of us to see you learn that, to see you discover the fun and beauty in it, to learn that you can solve difficult design problems.  It&#39;s a pleasure to think that we have helped you get started on your way.So thanks to you all for being a great class; for asking lots of questions in class, on Piazza and in office hours; and for your patience when things didn&#39;t work exactly as we wanted them to.Whatever your traditions are, I hope that you will be able to get some good rest time over the break.Let us know how things go for you down the road.#pin
Resources &amp; Announcements LogisticsImportant LinksWelcome Message@5 Search for Teammates!@38 Office Hours@58 Please Do Not Contact the Course Team About Lab Registration@202 Reminder: Mandatory Academic Integrity Quiz@215 Piazza Etiquette @632 spd.plt plugin update required to fix confusing error message@726 update to spd.plt update@926 Admin Email Delay@1484 IMPORTANT: Wifi failure consequences@1733 Grades &amp; End of Term AnnouncementsLecturePost-Lecture Notes @85 Section 101 Lecture Capacity Issue Resolved!@106 UBC Zoom Account@446 UBC Zoom Account - Update@498 Lecture Recording -Sep 26 Section 102-@505 Switching to iClicker Cloud@1376 Pre-lecture work going forwardLab@478 Lab 4 and Lab 5 Schedule Reminder@551 Lab Fine Tuning@1435 Lab 11 Schedule ReminderProblem Sets@169 Problem Set 1 Questions@306 Problem Set 2 Questions@404 Problem Set 3 Questions@510 Problem Set 4 Questions@803 Problem Set 5 Questions@874 Problem Set 6 Questions@925 Problem Set 7 Questions@1021 Problem Set 8 Questions@1190 Problem Set 9 Questions@1419 Problem Set 10 Questions@1482 Problem Set 11 QuestionsMidterm 1@425 Midterm 1 Instructions &amp; Conflicts@519 Midterm 1 Office Hours@795 Midterm 1 Grades &amp; Info@799 Midterm 1 UPDATED P4 and P5 Grades@841 Midterm 1 Regrade Requests@844 Midterm 1 Problem 4Midterm 2@1012 Midterm 2 Instructions &amp; Conflicts@1044 Midterm 2 - IMPORTANT regarding problem numbering@1066 Gregor&#39;s reading break office hours@1067 Midterm 2 Office Hours@1312 Midterm 2 Grades &amp; Info@1328 Midterm 2 Problem 1 and 2 Regraded@1403 Midterm 2 Regrade Requests@1560 Midterm 2 Problem 3 has been regradedFinal Exam@876 Final Exam Clashes or Hardships@1423 Final Exam Instructions
Search for Teammates! PA.load{ $.html;}; #pin
Grades &amp; End of Term Announcements Hi everyone, final Lab, Problem Set, Lecture, and Midterm grades are being released on Canvas right now! They&#39;re not all out at this moment, as it take a few minutes per assignment, but they will be shortly. I apologize for the delay - there were a number of factors that slowed down the process this term and I am working on improvements. Please read this entire message and the entire Assignments and Grading section of the syllabus carefully before asking any questions. Questions that are answered by this message or the syllabus will not receive a response. FAQs1. How are lab/problem set grades calculatedPlease review the Assignments and Grading section of the syllabus, specifically the lab and problem set sub-sections. 2. Why is my autograder score X?Please carefully review the feedback in your autograder report. You can find more details about autograder reports here. 3. My autograder score is X, why is my final lab/problem set grade lower?Please review the Assignments and Grading section of the syllabus, specifically the lab and problem set sub-sections. 4. Do all lab/problem set grades count?Your lowest lab grade and lowest problem set grade have been dropped in the &#34;Total Lab Grade&#34; and &#34;Total Problem Set Grade&#34; columns, in addition to any exemptions confirmed by the Course Coordinator. 5. Why did my autograder score change?If we find an error in the autograder for an assignment then our fix of that error may cause your final autograder score to go up or down. Don&#39;t rely on the autograder score ae, you should be 100% confident in your work before submitting it. 6. Why is one of my grades EX in Canvas?If you have an exemption for an assignment, your grade for that assignment on Canvas will be EX. This is our way of indicating that we need to omit that grade when we calculate final grades. 7.Are Canvas&#39; total grade calculations urate?No, please only refer to individual assignments  or your &#34;Total Lab Grade&#34; and &#34;Total Problem Set Grade&#34; as Canvas&#39; total columns  do not take exemptions in to ount. 8. How do I request a regrade for a Lab or Problem Set?Please follow the instructions in the Regrade Request Policy in the syllabus. Note that the deadline to request a regrade is 11:59 PM on Wednesday, December 20. 9. Will final exam grades and final course grades be released on Canvas?No, final exam grades and final course grades will not be released on Canvas. You will not know your final grade in the course until the final exam period ends and final course grades have been released through the SSC. This can take up to 7 business days after the date of the final exam. 10. Can I see my final exam?If you would like to schedule a meeting to view your final exam, you will have the opportunity to submit a Final Exam Viewing Form between December 23-January 19. Please note that exam viewings are purely for learning purposes and viewing your final exam is not an opportunity to request a regrade. 11. Will there be regrade requests for the final exam?The course team is unable to ept regrade requests for the final exam. If you sign up for an exam and wish to dispute your grade after viewing your exam, you will need to apply for a Review of Assigned Standing. Term-specific Notes1. iClicker questions did not start counting towards your Lecture grade until Tuesday, October 10. We also increased the number of automatically dropped lectures from 2 to 4 lectures, due to various technical issues throughout the term.2. As specified in @1044, your Midterm 2 Problem 5 grade replaced your Midterm 1 Problem 4 grade, if your Midterm 2 Problem 5 grade was higher. Wishing you all the best for the remainder of exam season and your future studies. We hope you have a happy and healthy holiday break!
Final Exam Instructions Please take the time to read the CPSC 110 Final Exam Instructions very carefully, as they are essential in helping you prepare for the exam and you are responsible for knowing their content. If you have a question about the exam, you must ask it as a follow-up to this announcement. You should also bookmark the exam instructions page now, as ess to all content on Piazza will be blocked 1 hour before the exam. As a reminder, students who are unable to write the exam at the regularly scheduled time exam due to an exam clash or an exam hardship must submit a Final Exam Clashes or Hardships form before 11:59 PM on Thursday, November 30 . Students who are registered with the Centre for Accessibility must register through the CFA exam portal before their specified deadline to receive exam ommodations.
Midterm 2 Instructions &amp; Conflicts Please take the time to read the CPSC 110 Midterm 2 Instructions very carefully, as they are essential in helping you prepare for the exam and you are responsible for knowing their content. If you have a question about the exam, you must ask it as a follow-up to this announcement. You should also bookmark the exam instructions page now, as ess to all content on Piazza will be blocked 1 hour before the exam.   You must complete the CPSC 110 Midterm 2 Conflict Form before 11:59 PM PST on Monday, November 6 if you require academic concession to write Midterm 2 at an alternate time due to conflicting responsibilities, medical circumstances, or compassionate grounds. See UBC&#39;s policy on academic concession for examples and exceptions. Do not submit a conflict form if your CPSC 110 lab conflicts with the exam time as there are no CPSC 110 labs scheduled on the day of the exam. Students who are registered with the Centre for Accessibility must register through the CFA exam portal at least 1 week before the exam to receive exam ommodations. Because the CFA exam centre ces at 9:30 PM, students who register to write their exam at the CFA exam centre will write their exam from 5:00-7:00 PM on Friday, November 17 .
Final Exam Clashes or Hardships The final exam schedule is out and CPSC 110 is scheduled from 8:30-11:00 AM on Thursday, December 14. Please submit a Final Exam Clashes or Hardships form before 11:59 PM on Thursday, November 30 if you have an exam clash or an exam hardship that affects the CPSC 110 final exam. UBC defines exam clashes and exam hardships as outlined below:An examination clash is when a student has multiple formal examinations scheduled on the same day and at the same time, or where the allotted times for scheduled formal examinations overlap.An examination hardship is defined as the occurrence of an examination candidate being faced with three  or more formal examinations scheduled within a 24-hour period . Please only fill out this survey if CPSC 110 is the second  examination in your exam hardship.
Midterm 1 Problem 4 PLEASE READ EVERY WORD OF THE FOLLOWING. THERE IS AN IMPORTANT CHANGE TO MIDTERM 1 GRADING HERE.On midterm 1 problem 4 we observed a few different kinds of problems: Some students made errors involving missing or incorrect @htdf tagsSome students designed primary functions that operated on Gift instead of PackageSome students did not resolve the problem with inconsistency in order of height, width, and lengthSome students commented out their solution because of the ambiguity. The first point to make is that correct tags are a requirement for all problems. In the future it is critical that you always get the @htdf tags correct – without them the grader cannot find the function to grade.The second point is that it is critical to read problem directions very carefully and follow them.The third point is that if you see a possible mistake in the problem do what you think is reasonable. DO NOT TRY TO ASK A QUESTION DURING THE EXAM. Just do what you think is reasonable.The fourth point is that you should not comment out your solution. The autograder does not grade anything that is commented out.But, taking all the above into ount, we have come up with what we think is a simple and more than fair resolution for all these problems: After midterm 2, your midterm 1 problem 4 score will become the higher of the original score and your midterm 2 problem 3 score. So if for any reason you did poorly on midterm 1 problem 4 you have a chance to make that up by doing well on problem 3 of midterm 2.
Midterm 1 Regrade Requests Regrade requests are now open until 11:59 PM on Friday, October 20. You must submit your regrade request before the deadline through Gradescope. READ THIS NOTE CAREFULLY. REGRADE REQUESTS THAT DO NOT COMPLY WILL NOT BE ANSWERED.How to View Your Exam in Gradescope Go to http://www.gradescope.ca .Click &#34;Log In&#34; and then &#34;Forgot Your Password?&#34;Enter your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address.Check your CWL@student.ubc.ca email ount for the password reset message. If you have email forwarding set up for your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address, check the email ount that your messages are forwarded to. Follow the instructions in the message you receive to reset your password.Log in to Gradescope using your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address and the new password you just set.  When is a Regrade Request Appropriate? A regrade request is only appropriate if your exam was mis-graded ording to the rubric. Your regrader request needs to explain clearly how your answer is correct ording to the rubric. In order to do this, you must read the rubric in your autograder report carefully, read the posted sample solution carefully, and read your submission carefully. If after reviewing these three things you can clearly explain why your answer is correct ording to the rubric, then please submit a regrade request.  Please note that: A regrade request is not an opportunity for you to explain why you answered the way you did. A regrade request is not an opportunity to ask us to explain why your answer is incorrect. A regrade request is not appropriate if you disagree with the rubric, dislike the rubric, or otherwise think the rubric unfair. We reserve the right to regrade your full exam, not only the problem for which you are requesting a regrade. Any regrade request that does not comply with these instructions will be denied without a written reply.
Problem Set 5 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 5.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students should not answer other students’ questions about problem sets.
Midterm 1 UPDATED P4 and P5 Grades Problems 4 and 5 have been regraded with revised graders that correct some deficiencies in the original grading.  The new grading reports and updated SUMMARY are in your handback directories.For problem 4:The grader now allows the helper function to precede the primary function. That’s not the way our style would normally do it, but it can be reasonable so we allowed it.The grader no ger requires the thoroughness criteria for the helper function to be achieved in the primary function tests.  Only the helper function tests must be called with enough gifts  to have 2 balls and 2 blocks For problem 5:The 5 grader now works properly for cases where the check-expects include floating point numbers. This required relaxing validity requirements and thoroughness testing both.The grader epts 3 combinations of Integer and Number in the signature.The new stats for the exam as a whole are:ProblemP1P2P3P4P5TotalMedian8010010096100-Mean778992739184.4
Midterm 1 Grades &amp; Info We have tried to get midterm 1 grades back to you as quickly as possible so that all of you have feedback, and some of you who may need to do some review before next week have time to do this weekend. Please respect the time of everyone on Piazza and read this entire message thoroughly before asking any questions about midterm grading. Questions about midterm grading must be asked as a follow up to this post and, to minimize clutter in the thread, questions that are answered by this post may be deleted rather than replied to. Overall, the class did very well, which is typical of midterm 1. We were pleased to see that very few students submitted files with errors that prevented them from being graded, this is a welcome change from prior terms. There are several sections below, including: StatisticsFeedback on individual problemsWhat getting a low-grade meansViewing your examRegrade requests Statistics ProblemP1P2P3P4P5TotalWeight1515202525100Median8010010094100-Mean778992729184.05Feedback on Individual Problems Problem 1 This problem assessed your understanding of the technical terminology used in the course. Knowing proper technical terminology is important as we go forward because as we talk about more complex programs and understanding what we are saying will depend on knowing the terminology.  If you did not do well on this question, please review the course gsary, which is linked from the links page https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/admin/links.html  Problem 2 This problem assessed your understanding of the step-by-step evaluation rules. The most common mistakes were: Skipping a step Replacing constant names with values all at once rather than when evaluation reaches the constant name. Not replacing parameters with values all at once. If you did not do well on this question, please review the step-by-step evaluation rules. You can find them on the language page, by following the link on the links page https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/admin/links.html. As we write more complex programs it will be critical that you understand exactly how evaluation works in order to understand some of the key techniques we will use.  Problem 3 This problem assessed your understanding of how to construct data driven templates using the dd template rules. This material is critical because you will soon need to be able to construct these templates in a more on-the-fly fashion. Some mistakes we saw were: Not following the order of the type comment Not guarding the two calls to string=? Not having the right number of arguments to string=? Not using  as the last answer Adding extra cond cases. If you did not do well on this question, please review the dd-templates part of the full Design Recipes .  Problem 4 This problem assessed your understanding of using the HtDF recipe, working with multiple data definitions, and following the reference rule to design a helper function.  There was confusion here caused by inconsistencies in the order of width, length, and height. That was our mistake, and we apologize for it. To handle that, we carefully designed the grader to ept as correct any Dimension that included all the correct numbers. It did not matter what order width, length, and height were in, and it did not matter if the orders got scrambled up between the various kinds of gifts and the dimensions. As g as the right three numbers made it into the Dimension we took the answer as correct. With this change in place we were happy to see that the class did very well on this problem.  The most common mistakes were: Failing to use a helper function Errors in the signature of the main or helper function. Not having sufficiently thorough tests by making sure that there was more than one ball and more than one block in the tests.  If you did not do well on this question, please very carefully review the raining eggs lecture problem. You should also take the exam problem you submitted to office hours as soon as possible. This problem is probably the most indicative in terms of your readines for the upcoming modules. It is very important you master this material right away; before Tuesday’s lecture if possible.  Problem 5 This problem assessed your understanding of using the HtDF recipe on a list of atomic data. There was an unintended bit of trickiness in this problem which is that odd? raises an error if it is called on a non-integer. With that in mind we epted all the following signatures for the function:      The class did very well ... If you did not do well on this question, please review the module 4a lecture starters right away, and reach out for help on Piazza or office hours right away. We will be using lists and recursion in most problems the rest of the term, so you need to be completely comfortable with this material.   What Getting a Low Grade Means It is important to keep in mind that the course is about to pick up in both speed and complexity. Please take the feedback you are receiving from this exam as useful information going into the rest of the course.   70 - 80 Spend time carefully reviewing the exam and working through problems to correct the misconceptions you demonstrated.  60 - 70 We encourage you to attend TA or instructor office hours as soon as you can this coming week. At these office hours ask the course staff to review your exam and your work to date. They will be able to help you deve a plan for getting caught up. You have to work at least 2 hours extra each day this week to get caught up.   For grades below 60, a great deal of work will be required during the next week to succeed in the remainder of the course. Please do not wait to get help, instead reach out to the instructor or on Piazza ASAP so we can help you plan. Viewing Your Exam  The auto-graded exams are now available in your handback directory. There is also a summary report in the SUMMARY folder in your handback directory. Regrade Requests We will share another announcement on Piazza about regrade requests shortly. Do not contact the course team via email or post on Piazza about regrade requests until we make that post. All messages and posts about regrading that are sent before our announcement will be deleted.
update to spd.plt update Some people who performed the required update of the spd.plt plug-in have been experiencing errors that say: application: not a procedure expected a procedure that can be applied to arguments ...If you have this problem please re-install the plug-in now.  We have fixed the problem.
Gregor&#39;s office hours My office hours this Wednesday will be:12-2 in ICCS 2462-3 in ICCS 146
spd.plt plugin update required to fix confusing error message IMPORTANT - you will not be able to handin until you read this message and follow the instructions in it.There&#39;s a bug in the current spd.plt file that causes it to give a very confusing error message for malformed signatures like  or .  The message is confusing enough that we want to fix this before the midterm.   We don&#39;t want anyone to get this very confusing error message during the exam, because we will not be able to help you then.To this end, there is a new spd.plt plugin that fixes this error.  If you go to  File menu &gt;  Install PLT file &gt;    select web    insert this url    https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/spd.plt    press OK    WAIT till the setup completes    and then restart Dr Racketyou will be all set.NOTE that starting about 2pm, the handin server will no ger ept handins unless you have already updated the spd.plt plugin.We apologize for the small inconvenience of having to update the server, but we think the more clear error message is worth it.
Lab Fine Tuning You may have noticed that myself and some of our most senior TAs have been dropping in on lab lately. We are not there to check up on you; we are not there to check up on the TAs either. Instead, we are there because we are always monitoring different aspects of the course to see how they are going and how they might be improved.  Labs are a special focus for us because they are the place where you can get the most one-on-one contact with course staff.  Based on our visits, we want to make some changes that will mean the TAs can spend more time giving you direct feedback on your lab work.  With that goal in mind, you can expect to see some changes in how labs operate, starting as soon as today.Long problem set assessments will move more quickly.  The TAs will be asking the next person in line to be ready and waiting to start. They will also be conducting the assessment itself more quickly.  We have asked them to ask you the questions, assess your answers, and give you very brief feedback on the assessment.  If you have further questions you want to ask about the problem set please take those to office hours. We anticipate this will free up about 45 minutes of TA time to help with your lab work.Short problem set assessments will also move more quickly.  Instead of coming around to you TAs will also call your name out. They will go in a set order so you can know when your turn is coming up.  Please go to the TA quickly.  Expect them to ask you one question, ask for an answer, and record their assessment. Again, they will briefly tell you the assessment, but that will not be a time to discuss the problem set.  We expect this will also free up significant TA time to help with your lab.Finally, the way the TAs walk around the room will change.  They will move through the room in order, asking to see parts of your work, making suggestions, and asking you questions about it. They will not be responding to questions with raised hands. Instead, when you have a problem we want you to practice working it out yourself just as you on a problem set or exam.  The next time they get to your seat they may make a suggestion that will help you find the problem.We know you may prefer to have the TA spend extended time with you solving a problem you are having. But the goal we have set for the TAs is not to help you finish the lab, it is to help you do well on the final exam. To do that you need them to help you learn to work systematically, and learn the techniques that can help you solve problems on your own – it is not good for your learning for the TAs to dig deeply into debugging your designs. We know from experience that it will help your learning if the TAs can make more frequent suggestions about how you are working. We hope that these adjustments we are making will help with that.  Please let us know over the next few weeks how you think it is going. 
Problem Set 4 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 4.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students should not answer other student&#39;s questions about problem sets.
Switching to iClicker Cloud THIS MESSAGE IS IMPORTANT AND TIME CRITICAL.We are always ing to simplify the 110 learning platform with the goal of making things easier for students.This term we tried to use Zoom polls because we thought that since you were already using Zoom, it would be one less platform for you to have to login to.We tried to make that work.  Specifically Emily tried really really hard.But to say it hasn&#39;t worked out well is an understatement.So, at this point we are switching gears and going back to iClicker.WHAT THIS MEANS IS THAT:  - We will do iClicker polls on Thursday &#34;for practice&#34;  - We will do iClicker polls that count for course marks next Tuesday.Please consult https://lthub.ubc.ca/guides/iclicker-cloud-student-guide/which explains what you have to do in order to answer iClicker polls.NOTE - please DO THE ABOVE TODAY OR TOMORROW, so that you are ready for Thursday&#39;s practice run.  If you fail to  and set things up for Thursday and then have problems on Tuesday we will not be able to grant concession for those problems.
Lecture Zoom Polls Please stop flooding Piazza with posts about the lecture Zoom polls. The course team is aware of the issues and continuing to post about it will not help solve the issues. Lectures that are impacted by UBC-wide outages technical issues will of course not be counted towards your grade. Please be patient for now while we figure out the best course of action. 
Lab 4 and Lab 5 Schedule Reminder During the 2023W1 term, statutory holidays have created an imbalance in the numbers of days available for classes on each weekday, with Mondays disproportionately affected. Please review the notes below that outline how this impacts CPSC 110&#39;s lab schedule. You can find the times and locations of lab sections on the SSC Course Schedule. Note: &#34;Blocked&#34; sessions do not actually have a lab available. Lab 4: Due to National Day for Truth and Reconciliation  on Monday, October 2, UBC is ced and there are no classes. Monday lab students should attend any lab section on the days below to complete Lab 4.Wednesday, September 27Thursday, September 28Friday, September 29Tuesday, October 3Lab 5: Due to Thanksgiving on Monday, October 9, the UBC Vancouver Senate has designated Thursday, October 12 as a &#39;Make-Up Monday.&#39; All classes normally scheduled for Thursday, October 12 are cancelled and replaced by classes that are normally scheduled for a Monday. For CPSC 110, this means that Monday lab students will complete Lab 5 on Thursday, October 12, and Thursday lab students should attend any lab section on the days below to complete Lab 5.Tuesday, October 10Wednesday, October 11Friday, October 13Clarification: SSC lab sections marked Blocked do not have any lab running at that time. Do not  to attend one of these sections. 
UBC Zoom Account - Update Hello everyone, thank you for your patience while we worked with UBC AV services to get your UBC Zoom ounts set up. Normally we woulnd&#39;t post an announcement over the weekend, but we wanted to let you know to give you as much time as possible to setup things up for lecture on Tuesday. By now you should have received an email at your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address with a link to &#34;approve the request&#34; for your UBC Zoom ount. Please approve the request. Then you will need to ensure that your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address is your default email address in Canvas following these instructions. Please note that in order to receive your lecture grades starting Tuesday, your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address must be your default email address in Canvas AND you must join the lecture Zoom session through the Zoom tab in Canvas. If you did not receive a message with a link to &#34;approve the request&#34; for your UBC Zoom ount at your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address, please let us know using this form. Make sure to check your spam/junk folder or any forwarding addresses before submitting a form. 
Midterm 1 Instructions &amp; Conflicts Please take the time to read the CPSC 110 Midterm 1 Instructions very carefully, as they are essential in helping you prepare for the exam and you are responsible for knowing their content. If you have a question about the exam, you must ask it as a follow-up to this announcement. You should also bookmark the exam instructions page now, as ess to all content on Piazza will be blocked 1 hour before the exam.Please note that the midterm times have been rescheduled from 6:00-8:00 PM to 7:00-9:00 PM due to limited exam room space on campus. If you submitted a conflict form for either of the midterms and no ger have a conflict due to the time change, your conflict form submission has been deleted and you do not need to do anything other than attend the exam at the regularly scheduled time.You must complete the CPSC 110 Midterm 1 Conflict Form before 11:59 PM PST on Monday, September 25 if you require academic concession to write Midterm 1 at an alternate time due to conflicting responsibilities, medical circumstances, or compassionate grounds. See UBC&#39;s policy on academic concession for examples and exceptions. Do not submit a conflict form if your CPSC 110 lab conflicts with the exam time as there are no CPSC 110 labs scheduled on the day of the exam.Students who are registered with the Centre for Accessibility must register through the CFA exam portal at least 1 week before the exam to receive exam ommodations. Because the CFA exam centre ces at 9:30 PM, students who register to write their exam at the CFA exam centre will write their exam from 5:00-7:00 PM on Friday, October 6 .
Problem Set 3 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 3.
Problem Set 2 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 2. Not office hours, not TA hours, not lab, not other Piazza threads. All questions have to be here, so that every student has an equal chance of seeing them.
Piazza Etiquette Piazza is a great resource for you to ask questions about the course material, structure, policies, etc. and the course team is looking forward to answering your questions this term. Piazza also provides an opportunity for those of you who want to improve your learning by answering other students&#39; questions. Observing how well students ask and answer questions on Piazza helps the course team choose TAs for future terms. Please keep in mind that there are 1,300&#43; of us asking and answering questions on Piazza. The volume of questions adds up quickly and we&#39;d like to avoid duplicate questions as much as possible. You should always check the syllabus, the schedule, and make use of Piazza&#39;s search function before asking a question. If you have a question about a specific DrRacket function , please look it up in the DrRacket help desk before posting on Piazza. Guidelines you must follow when posting on Piazza:Do not post screenshots of text or code. This includes program text and auto-grader feedback. Do not post an image of it, do not post a link to it, do not post the section number it came from. Post the actual text together with any other information the person answering the question might need. By posting the actual program text you make it easy for someone who wants to answer your question to quickly copy it, paste it into DrRacket, and work on it. By posting the extra information you save the person answering from having to go find what you already have right in front of you.Format code properly. In the Piazza editor there is a button labeled &#34;code.&#34; If you press that button and then paste your code into the editor, it should be formatted properly. You may need to clean up the indentation though, and if so then please take the time to do it.Take the time to say what you have done so far and what your current understanding is. Often times you will find that the act of writing that out will clarify things for you, and then you have your answer right away without having to wait. This also provides a good foundation for figuring things out in exams when there is no help. But even if explaining your current understanding doesn&#39;t clear things up right away, it will provide a better foundation for us to answer your question, and a better foundation for you to incorporate the answer. Again, we encourage you to use Piazza as your go to resource for getting answers to your questions about the course. Just take a few moments each time you post to invest in good karma by formatting and asking your question in a way that makes it clear to everyone reading it.
Reminder: Mandatory Academic Integrity Quiz Thank you to the 820 of you who have have completed the academic integrity quiz with a grade of 100%! For those of you who haven&#39;t completed the quiz with a grade of 100% yet, the deadline is 10:00 PM tomorrow . Final grades for Lab 1 will be posted on Canvas on Wednesday this week, however, please note that students who have not completed the quiz will not receive any grades on Canvas until they complete the quiz with a grade of 100%.
Problem Set 1 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 1.  Not office hours, not TA hours, not lab, not other Piazza threads.  All questions have to be here, so that every student has an equal chance of seeing them.But note what we said in lecture.  We are going to answer most questions with suggestions about how you could figure it out.
UBC Zoom Account For now please join lectures using any Zoom ount. We will post another announcement with instructions about your UBC Zoom ount once your ounts are set up. 
Please Do Not Contact the Course Team About Lab Registration Gregor and I have been receiving a large number of emails from students who aren&#39;t registered in a lab section yet. Instructions on what to do in this situation are outlined in the FAQ section of the syllabus.As specified in the instructions, students should not contact the Course Coordinator until 2 business days before the add/drop deadline if they still don&#39;t have a registered lab section at that time. To resolve any possible confusion, 2 business days before the add/drop deadline is Thursday, September 14. Please respect our time by reading the entire syllabus, especially the FAQ section, before emailing us. There are 1,300&#43; students in this course and it is simply not feasible for us to answer the same question over and over again. Questions that are answered in the syllabus are not garanteed a response. 
is this tail recursion? ;; Design a function called average that consumes  and produces;; the average of the numbers in the list. -&gt; Number;; produces the average of the number in the list 0 1 2; 0 ;stub umulator               ]                  [                     sum]]     0]          [           ]the cond at the end of the function body does not matter right?
what is the correct templating for umulator problems I am confused on which template to use.For example, we have a data definition called Graphs which one of the templates should i be using?or MOREOVER!!I am curious if  termination arguments and umulator examples are mandatory when writing function definitionsThanks!
Are we supposed to be able to ess the result of ta-graded lab/pset? Are we supposed to be able to ess the result of ta-graded lab/pset?I checked on gradescope and canvas and couldn&#39;t find anywhere that has it.
Midterm 2 Math Time Conflict I was wondering whether it would be possible for me to attend an alternative lab for lab 9, as it conflicts with my math midterm. The syllabus explicitly states that there are no alternative midterms available.
2022 W1 MT1 P4 These are my functions:    0]        [                     ]    n            0These are the solution file functions:    0]        [                                         0            ]    vMy solution is different, but how is it incorrect? It passes all tests, including the ones used by the solution file. The autograder is giving me 0% for my natural recursion and natural helper and I don&#39;t understand why. 
SPD Handin Error Whenever I  to submit my starters to the autograder it often freezes for minutes ing to hand in the document then throws the following error:`error reading from stream port   system error: An existing connection was forcibly ced by the remote host.; win_err=10054`About 1 every 20 times, the hand in actually completes but this is extremely inconsistent. I have tried reinstalling the plugin, checking my network connection and restarting Dr.Racket and my computer but the problem still persists. Is there any way to fix this issue.Thanks
Challenge Exam Viewing Grades I did the challenge exam in December, but haven&#39;t received any email, CWL message or CWL transcript change that notifies me of the result. Does this mean I must have gotten less than the minimum 72% required to pass the challenge exam? Thanks!P.S: if not, how do I view my grades if it isn&#39;t on the CWL? 
SD Exam Result I see on other people&#39;s posts that they received SD approval notification by email , but I thought that if SD is granted it will show up under the standing column on the grade summary, and if we received an email, meaning SD exam application is rejected... Also, I couldn&#39;t participate because I had a fever a day before the final exam, and I submitted an application with in 48 hours boundaries after the exam. When would I get the notification? I don&#39;t see SD written understanding on the grade summary or received email. Is the system different for Art and Science?Did anyone in Science heard back? 
Taking CPSC 210 with an SD for 110 I understand that this may have been discussed on piazza in the past, but I was unable to find information regarding it. I have received an SD for cpsc 110, and I am still currently registered, and taking, cpsc 210 this semester. Would there be anything  I need to do, or reach out to, to receive confirmation that I’m allowed to be in the course?I just don’t want to take the course if I’m not allowed to be in it! Thank you :
Academic concession I still see a 0/100 on my midterm 2, even after applying for academic concession. Does the final grade on ssc include 0/100 for my midterm 2, or does it exclude it? My friend who got also applied for an exemption, he sees a EX on his grade. Thank you so much! Happy new year too!
some questions regarding standing deferred final exam Hi, I just received an email from the faculty of arts saying that I am eligible for SD. To prepare for the exam next term, I was wondering if all the resources we had this term  are still available to deferred students? Also, we were separated by last names into different exam locations last term, so will the deferred students follow the same scheduling as the term 2 ppl or will we write our exam in the specified standing deferred exam location? Wish everyone the best of luck in term 2! :
Email I got a 98 for the course. Why haven&#39;t I received the email?
How do I uninstall DrRacket on Mac? The DrRacket is not present in the &#34;applications&#34; folder. How do I uninstall it?
One last bit of music for New Year&#39;s   Some people have said they missed the music that we didn’t get to have for the last few lectures.  And I’m aware some other people weren’t interested at all! With New Year’s in mind here’s one last bit of music - this is from the Cing of Winterland, December 31 1978.     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryHatTtaSn4 For context, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winterland_Ballroom During Winterland&#39;s final month of existence, shows were booked nearly every night. Acts included The Tubes,[9] Ramones, Smokey Robinson, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, and on December 15–16, 1978, Bruce Springsteen &amp; the E Street Band. Springsteen&#39;s December 15 show was simulcast on local radio station KSAN-FM.Winterland ced on New Year&#39;s Eve 1978 / New Year&#39;s Day 1979 with a concert by the Grateful Dead, New Riders of the Purple Sage, and The Blues Brothers. The show lasted for over eight hours, with the Grateful Dead&#39;s performance—documented on DVD and CD as The Cing of Winterland—lasting nearly six hours, beginning at midnight with Bill Graham&#39;s favorite Dead tune, Sugar Magnolia. After the show, the crowd was treated to a hot, buffet-style breakfast. The final show was simulcast on radio station KSAN-FM and also broadcast live on the local PBS TV station KQED.[10] The song I chose above is from ce to the end of the Dead’s second set – I don’t have an exact timeline but figure sometime like 4 am.  This was one heck of a New Year’s Eve show.  I’m too young to have been at this, but I went to a number of Bill Graham produced New Year’s Eve Grateful Dead concerts in the 1980s.  Some were excellent, but they were all over by 2am - the legendary days of concerts lasting till 6am were g over by then. Enjoy.     
I know 110 is finished and grades are out but.... When will the final be out in the exams page for us to look at? Again, thanks to all the TAs, Emily and Gregor for a great CPSC 110 semester!
Total pset grade is wrong Hi, I emailed admin but my ssc grade is up . There is error in my canvas total pset grade and it will increase my 3% in total .  So, please correct my grade .Please help me with this.
Exam results?? Are the results for 110 releasing at midnight 23rd Dec?
no response from academic advising for SD I submitted an academic concession form for SD  like the instructions page asked. Today is the 7th working day after my application and the last day before final grades come out, and I still haven&#39;t heard back from them. Does this just mean that I&#39;m not granted SD and I will need to repeat the course?
SD not granted before the final grade out Hi, I just received the confirmation email for SD on Dec 18. It said that the result of SD would not come out in 10 business days. I was worried if the final grade of CPSC 110 would come out before the SD has been granted. Thank you so much.
SD Exam I received an SD exam approval from Arts advising for the final exam. What are my next steps to know when I will take the next exam or arrange the process? Do I contact directly to Gregor? Is the SD Exam the next challenge exam or the following term&#39;s final exam?
When can we talk about the exam? .
A letter for thy Gregor Upon the academic stage, a scholar bright,A sage named Gregor, bathed in wisdom&#39;s light.In halls of learning, where minds aspire,His teachings set our intellects afire.Oh, Gregor, professor, with fervent zeal,Thy lectures danced, a scholarly reel.In the tapes of knowledge, thou didst weave,A symphony of truths, thy students to relieve.With patience vast as oceans&#39; endless tide,Thy guidance flowed, a mentor by our side.In every lesson, wisdom&#39;s seeds were sown,A harvest rich, a scholar&#39;s garden grown.&#34;Trust the natural recursion,&#34; thou didst declare,A mantra whispered through the hallowed air.In algorithms of the mind, we found,The beauty of thy teachings, so profound.As roots entwine in nature&#39;s sacred dance,So too did knowledge, in thy class advance.Each concept built upon the one before,A structure sturdy, a mental temple&#39;s core.Thy words, a beacon in the scholarly night,Illuminating s of intellectual light.In the recursive maze, we found our way,Trusting the patterns that thy lessons lay.Oh, Gregor, like a compass  and sure,Thy guidance led us, evermore.In the vast expanse of academia&#39;s sea,Thy teachings echoed, a beacon to be.So here I pen, in Shakespearean verse,A tribute to thee, as prose disperse.In the annals of learning, thy name shall shine,Oh, Gregor, professor, a guide divine.
Final results When will the final result be announced? 
Thank you!! Thank you Prof Gregor, TAs and CPSC 110 staff for an amazing semester!!!! Natural recursions have finally gained my trust &gt;:
Thank you Professor Gregor! Thank you for an amazing term, and always assisting me, helping me during your office hours.
Thank you for the amazing term! This may be getting a bit repetitive, but I still want to say thank you to our favourite professor, all of the TAs, and everyone  for an amazing semester. This was my favourite class, thank you everybody for sharing this experience with me. Remember to always trust the natural recursion lol
Thank you Gregor and all the other CPSC 110 teaching team members I will always trust the natural recursions.
Thanks Prof. Gregor and the Team for a great course! Thanks to our favourite prof and TAs for all your hardwork this semester!
Thanks for a great semester! :
Forgot to take ID after exam Hello, guys.I was taking final on SCRF 100 this morning, and forgot to take my student ID with me. Did anyone see it and is there any way I can pick it up?Thank you in advance.
2023 W Final Problem 6 Hello, I just wanted to know whether the order in which our elements were present in the list produced mattered in problem 6 of our final exam
lab grade drop policy clarification Hi,when the lowest grade of lab is dropped, is the short/g grading during that lab also dropped, or is it not dropped?I am dropping my lab 9 and pset 9 grades, but my pset 8 which assessed during lab 9 had points taken off for short grading, just wanted to clarify whether short/g grading are dropped together with lab score or not.
"Grade Calculator Project Hey Everyone!!I hope you're doing well during exam season. I know you must be eager to find out your average grades for your courses. To assist you with that, I have created a grade calculator that can calculate your grades for any course, not just 110. It's very user-friendly and takes into ount all the essential factors, including the number of grades that can be dropped. So, go ahead and give it a !For example:Here, I defined a non-existent course, ""CPSC109,"" which has sections with their names, weights, # of lowest grades that can be dropped, and lists of grades.![image.png]I won't be going too much into the meat of it. Feel free to explore for yourself.If you have any suggestions on how I can improve the calculator. Feel free to write me on my GitHub page for this project!\https://github.com/grazomarin/grade-calculatorAnd if you want to see way cooler projects created by me: \https://github.com/grazomarin[grade-calculator.rkt]P.S. For Mr. Gregor, It was designed systematically. For the most part."
Are canvas midterm grades unweighted or weighted? 
PSET Grading missing in posted grades I am writing to bring attention to a persistent issue I have been facing regarding my problem set grades. Despite completing all assignments on time and being able to view the results in my handback directory, my grades have consistently not been recorded in the system.I have diligently raised this concern with the teaching assistants during every lab session, highlighting that my submissions were not showing up in their directory. Each time, I was assured that the issue would be looked into and resolved promptly. However, I have recently checked my posted grades and observed that there is still no record of my grading in problem set marks.I  request that this matter be investigated as soon as possible to ensure that my grades are urately reflected in the system. I have put a considerable amount of time and effort into completing the assignments, and it is disheartening not to see the results reflected in my overall performance.I have attached an image of my handback directory reflecting the submissions of all the problem sets.
another finals question Two nights ago I stayed with a family member at the hospital , and I wasn&#39;t feeling well last night before the exam. I took meds before going to bed and set an alarm for 6:30 this morning, thinking I would feel better to take the exam. HOWEVER, I still wasn&#39;t able to wake up on time, and for some reason my alarm just did not ring at all . Since I woke up this morning feeling a bit better, I still went to my exam room to talk to a TA, and they said they won&#39;t allow anyone to write the exam if they show up more than 30 mins late and suggest I apply for deferral.I&#39;ve submitted a deferral form detailing my circumstances. Any advice on what to do next or whether they will defer my final exam? I understand that it is MY responsibility to make sure my devices are working so I wake up on time but I really did not expect my alarm to fail on me and this has never happened before  :
Academic concession Hello, I submitted an academic concession back in September and it still has no response.Edit: fixed thank you!
SD for FInal I have chronic allergies and am prone to getting sick quickly and often. Additionally, this week has been especially ing due to personal reasons at home. I was already granted concession for problem set 11 and Lab 11 due to the above reasons. I am feeling unwell today, and am afraid I will not be able to take the exam.However, I have already missed Midterm 2 due to illness, which I received concession for, and did not do so well on Midterm 1. Therefore, I am worried I may not be granted deferred standing in case I miss the exam. My problem set and lab grades are good however. I&#39;ll be providing a doctor&#39;s note for Standing Deferred . Throughout the course, I felt I did well and kept on track with everything, but these issues are hindering me and I don&#39;t know what to do. Any advice is appreciated.
Hopeless I&#39;m inquiring about whether the CPSC 110 course still offers a challenge exam in January, as waiting until April seems too g for me. I&#39;ll be providing a doctor&#39;s note for Standing Deferred . Throughout the course, I did really well and kept on track with everything, but the illness holding me back during the finals feels like the world is against me. I don&#39;t know what to do.Best of Luck to the ones who are taking the exam today
can I bring a drink to the exam room? Like the title says, can we bring a drink  to the exam room? first time taking an early exam, really want to make sure I stay awake through it 😭 and good luck tmrw to everyone :
local evaluation/ local lifting problem bank Consider the following definition:  ]            n        Now consider the evaluation of the expression .  During thatevaluation one or more definitions may be lifted.  Write those lifteddefinitions and only those lifted definitions below.Stepping questions like this one have ONLY ONE CORRECT ANSWER.  The goalof this problem is to assess whether you have learned the exact BSL stepby step evaluation rules; not whether you can figure out the final resultof an expression.I tried to use stepper to look at the evaluation for this, but I still can&#39;t understand. Could you please explain this code?   This is the answer.  Also the starter file had a typo  so I fixed it for this. 
2021w2 p2 Can I get an explanation for the count test? I always get t when I do count tests : ;uncomment this line                                                Y            Z            Challenge            -&gt; X;; abstract fold function for Challenge C4                               &#43;                                                             make-task                              0                              0                              C4              5  Task       ; -&gt; X                                                                   ; -&gt; Y             b1]                  [                                          ]                       ; -&gt; Z             b2]                  [                                          ]                           ; -&gt; W             ]    
2021 w1 q6 ;; Stuff is    Y Z Stuff -&gt; X                                                                     b1]                  [                                           ]                       b2]                  [                   ]]    How do we know the the 1st argument of the third overall argument is a Natural?
Autograder down? The autograder seems to be down for past exams, and there&#39;s no grading reports being handed back, just the hand-in racket files. Is anyone  experiencing this?
Pset Grades I heard that the pset grades are usually released before the final? would it still be the case this year?
2021w2 p1 I have the exact same thing as the given solution. The only difference is that the data definition for Challenge came before those for Task while the solutions had Task before Challenge. This resulted in a red error when running my code that said T1 is used before its definition. During the exam, are we allowed to change the placement of the data definitions for it to run?
Is it possible to use stepper to debug during exam? I guess it will be really useful to use stepper when debugging, is it possible to use it in the final exam? Thank you 
Use of arb-tree in @template-origin tag How do we know when to use arb-tree in the @template-origin tag? When we learned Search, we used arb-tree in the place of other types which could have instead gone in the @template-origin tag, but there are some instances in the practice finals which seem similar  but we do not do that same replacement, such as q6 of 2023s-f: String umulator                                                        ]                  [                                           ]                      ]  ;this is a generative step    There also were not many instances of arb-tree or bin-tree showing up in the practice finals. How do we know when we should include it in the @template-origin tag?
racket quitting unexpectedly I&#39;m doing a practice final now and I&#39;m halfway into a question when racket just quit on me, and since this was unexpected my files aren&#39;t saved. Not sure of the cause behind why the application just quitted by itself, but what can I do if this happens during the exam?
GOOD LUCK TOMORROW MORNING EVERYONE trust the natural recursion
2022w2-p6 vs bank/graphs-p2 question How come the  of these two are different?  How come one is  String, and the other one is  .Shouldn&#39;t it be   for graphs-p2 as well. The data definition is basically the same for both  vs So I am a bit confused. I looked at other Similar posts as well, but I wasn&#39;t able to find a clear explanation for this. ;; Node is ;; interp. Nodes in a very simple graph.  Each node has a name and a list;;         of the nodes to which it is connected.  The node names in nexts;;         act as &#39;arrows&#39; in the graph that point from the current node;;         to next nodes.;; Map is ???;; interp. an opaque data type that represents a map from node names to nodes.;;         Only the provided function get-node knows how to work with a map.;;;; CONSTRAINT: A given map has no duplicate node names.;;;; We are giving you one map to work with called MAP, and the attached file;; f-p6-figure.pdf includes a diagram of the graph represented by that map.;; Do not assume that we will only test your function with that map.;;;; Here is a STRUCTURALLY RECURSIVE template for working with a graph of these;; nodes.  Note that this template DOES NOT INCLUDE cycle detection. You will;; have to add that.;; String                                                        ]                  [                                           ]                      ]  ;this is a generative step     ;; Room is ;; interp. the room&#39;s name, and list of names of rooms that the exits lead to;; A Map is AN OPAQUE DATA STRUCTURE. OPAQUE means you can&#39;t look inside it.;; THE ONLY THING YOU ARE ALLOWED TO DO WITH IT IS PASS IT TO LOOKUP-ROOM.;;;; The bottom of the file defines a map called ROOMS for this graph:;;;; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/H4.png;;;; But the function you design must work for any map.;;#;  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                      ]                  [                    m                          ]]    The only difference I was able to see was that for the graph problem, the genrec step is within the fn-for-lor, and for the final problem there was another  that does the genrec step.
Canvas Grades? Its the night before exam and I was curious if canvas grades will release soon? Thanks
Traversal of graphs and trees Hello! I am just wondering what would need to be changed in the code to make a traversal of a tree/graph from left-right to right-left. Is it easier to go from left-right, or is it common practice?
Wifi Issues during Final Today while on campus, I was unable to connect to any of the UBC Wifi networks, and I spoke with a few others having the same issue, for ubcvisitor, ubcsecure, and eduroam. I am unsure if this problem is on my or UBCs end. I am not at UBC right now and my internet is working fine. What can I do to prepare for tommorow morning in case my wifi stops working?
[m10-reverse-starter] How is this function not tail recursive? Here&#39;s my code: -&gt;                    umulator  ;;  is type:   ;; Invariant: elements in lox0 behind  in reverse order               ]                  [                                            ]]        And here&#39;s the autograder report:My solution is almost exactly like what we did in the 2nd umulator lecture , so I am not sure what could be causing this
"max-exits-to: solution produces error on edge case? Not sure if I'm missing something here, but for the `max-exits-to` problem in the Problem Bank, running:```racket```in the interaction pane produces the error:```first: expects a non- list; given: '```This is because the ""F"" room has no exits to other rooms, so the rsf umulator remains , which causes `` to error out:![]Probably the solution should be modified somehow to return the original room if the rsf umulator remains  when the worklist is completed?"
umulator nevermind- dupe
Can someone help me run this code? Not sure what it should produce... : ;; produces study plan  ;; days-left is a Natural; days left until exam               &#34;PANICK&#34;] ; base case                  [                   ]]    
graph problem bank - all reachable   ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                                                 ]                  [                    map                            ]                       l2]                  [ l1]                  [                                                                             l2]]                                                              l2hi can anyone explain what does this part of the code is doing? I do not understand the point of helper function &#34;union&#34;. thanks a lot!
from structural recursion to tail recursion without tandem worklist This question is from the 2022w2 final and its problem 5, the question is a find-increasing- question similar to stuff we have covered before however there is a bonus 15% if you can complete the question in a tail recursive form.NOTE:;;;;  There is NO REASON FOR THIS TO BE TAIL RECURSIVE.  The tail recursive;;  solution is challenging.  We strongly encourage you NOT TO DO A TAIL;;  recursive version.;;;; BUT: If you hand in a CORRECT tail recursive version we will award ;;      bonus marks to your final exam score worth 15% of the weight of;;      this question .  On the other hand, an incorrect tail recursive;;      version will not earn any extra marks or special consideration;;      because you tried the more difficult thing.I managed to make it work in structural recursion and then went onto to  to make my solution tail recursive, after spending a fair bit of time struggling and not knowing what was wrong, i looked at the solution and realised they use a tandem worklist solution, does this mean there is no way to make it tail recursive without using tandem workslists? I am attaching below a code snippet of my structural recursion solution, my attempt at making it tail recursive and the actual tail recursive solution.thank you for your time if you read through and were able to provide some advice. ;uncomment this line when you start or                  ;; MY WORKING SR SOLUTION  ;; Termination argument: reached the destination node  ;;  is  ;; node names  ;; prev is the previous nodes number                                                      ]                           ]                  [  ]                  [                    num]                                 ]                  [                    prev]                                                                         prev]                        prev]          0;  MY TR ATTEMPT:; ; ; ;   ;; Termination argument: reached the destination node;   ;; rsf is  ;; node names;   ;; prev is the previous nodes number;   ;;  is ;   ;; t-wl is  worklist ;   ;             ;                     ;                     ];               ;              rsf];                   [  ];                   [;                    ;                                rsf num ];           ;           ;              rsf];                   [;                    rsf prev ]; ;           ;              t-wl rsf prev ];     ;        0 ; GIVEN TR SOLUTION:; ; ; ;   ;; Termination argument:;   ;; trivial cases: reach a node already on ;   ;; reduction: next nodes of current node;   ;; argument: graph is finite, so detecting cycles with  will ensure tha;   ;; we eventually visit entire graph;   ;; ;   ;; n-wl is : un direct next nodes of the  nodes;   ;; -wl is :  tandem worklist;   ;; prev-wl is : previous node&#39;s number tandem worklist;   ;;;   ;; n-wl, -wl and prev-wl always have same length, the elements of;   ;; the 3 work lists correspond with each other - the nth element of;   ;; -wl is the  to reach the nth element of n-wl, the nth;   ;; element in prev-wl is the number of node that occurs before the;   ;; nth element in n-wl ;   ;   ;              prev ];                   [ to;                     ];                   [;                    ;                                         n-wl;                                 ;                                                     ;                                         -wl;                                 ;                                                    ;                                         prev-wl];           ;           ;              ];                   [;                      ;                                   ]; ;           ;               prev n-wl -wl prev-wl];     ;     
2022w2 f p3 signature Hi, can somebody explain to me why there&#39;s no BinTree in the signature in 2022w2 f p3?
Can someone ELI5 why the trampoline violates the invariant? It works but I know it&#39;s &#34;wrong&#34; -&gt; Boolean;; produces  if every element of  is 1 greater than prior element                 umulator    ;;  is Type: Natural  ;;   INVARIANT: The element in 0 before   ;;   ;;  ;;  4  ;;  5  ;;  6  ;;  8                 ]                  [                                                                                                    ]]        The correct trampoline for reference:                                                            And why does something like this  not work? The error:check-expect encountered the following error instead of the expected value, .    :: rest: expects a non- list; given: Edit: ^ nvm just realised that there&#39;s no list-must-always-be-non- constraint
exams/2023s-f/f-p3 Getting this error. failing the third check-expect can someone point out what I could be wrong here   ;fill in your CWL here  ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line#|Consider the following data definitions.|#;;;; Tree is ;;;; Branch is ;;;; interp. an arb-arity tree in which each subtree has a name, and ;;         each branch has a number. So unlike simpler arb-arity;;         trees, in these trees there is an explicit Branch between;;         a tree and each of its subtrees. Branch                                                                ]                  [                                           ]                                                 ]    #|Complete the design of the function below.In this problem you must design a function, that for a given tree, producesa list of the names of nodes for which the immediate parent branch has anodd number.For greater certainty, we are giving you 4 check-expects, which you mustnot edit. You may add additional check-expects if you like. produces , because starting at TAall by itself it is not on any branch at all, so it is definitely not onan odd branch.On the other hand,  produces ,because starting at TFOO, TA is on an odd branch. TB is not.The remaining tests are correct.Your answer must include @template-origin and a correct function definition.There is absolutely no reason to make this function tail recursive.  Insteadyou should use ordinary structural recursion. A correct tail recursive versionwill receive far fewer marks.NOTE: This problem will be autograded, and ALL OF THE FOLLOWING ARE ESSENTIAL      IN YOUR SOLUTION.  Failure to follow these requirements may result in      receiving zero marks for this problem. - The function you design MUST BE CALLED tree-names-on-odd-branches  - You MUST use the encapsulated templates above.  - You MUST NOT RENAME any of the local functions within those templates.  - You MUST NOT RENAME any of the parameters of those local functions.  - You MUST USE ALL of the local functions within those templates. - You MUST NOT EDIT above the line marked with ***.  - You MUST NOT COMMENT out any @ metadata tags.  - The file MUST NOT have any errors when the Check Syntax button is pressed.   Press Check Syntax and Run often, and correct any errors early.  - You MUST FOLLOW all applicable design rules.|#;; produce names of tree nodes that are directly on an odd branch       ;; *** YOU MUST NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ***;  ;stub Branch               rsf                    rsf                                 rsf]                  [                     rsf                             rsf]                                                  rsf                  rsf]    
2022w2-f/f-p5 I am really struggling with build-list questions, here are my code to this question and I always run into same error.;; produce sum of [0, 0] [0, 1] ... [0, n]                                                                                                           ;; *** MUST NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ***; 0    add1 identityI run the code below to have my first step, having a . I think I need to get the first  in that least and build another list of number like  .. and then use foldr to sum them up.  add1However, in this type of build-list fn, I am still struggling and running into error. Can I have some hint about how to solve problems like this one? Thank you in advance.
2023s Problem 3 In my solution, I didn&#39;t use an umulator. Instead of using an umulator, I immediately cons&#39;d the tree-name onto the list.                                 In this case, we have mutually referential data. The autograder suggests that the selectors for a tree should only be used in fn-for-t. In general, when working with data definitions involving reference, is it best practice to only work with data of a specific type in its own function ? 
Challenge Exam Hello, I just got this email. I have done the entire course and obviously just want to take the 30% finals tommorow. I had registered for the challenge exam at the start of the term but was not able to give the exams as I had not finished some survey on time. I just want to make sure that my final tommorow will be worth 30% of my grade and my entire course marks upto now wont just be replaced by the exam tommorw.
Tail recursion               to                                                                                                           ]                [ visit                  visit]                [                   visit]                [                                                             map visit                                                    map visit                      visit                 ]                             ]                [                  thing                                                           ]                                          ]                [                                                           ]                                       ]    Why this function is not tail recursion
2022w1 p1 Below is the solution, I don&#39;t really understand why for b1 it&#39;s 0? I thought that since we&#39;re producing a list of all the prof names that have more than x awards, if there isn&#39;t any prof in the given list then the list would be  and hence produce ?;; produce the names of all profs that have at least &gt;= x awards                                   r                      ]    
Final lab and pset grade Where can we see our final lab and pset grade?
m10 tr trees lecture starter   ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees  ;; count is Natural; count of all nodes in the tree so far                                    ]                             count                                 count]                  [                     ]]          ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees  ;; count is Natural; number of nodes VISITED in tail recursion before t  ;; **  means in the dynamic flow of the tail recursion **  ;; ** not in the static structure of the tree                 **              ]                                                n]                  [                     n]]        The first function is my code and the second function is the code from the solution. Would my code also be eptable as well?
TR Does no Tandem work list on the final mean no work lists or TR as well? 
Beware of Electric Shock in X150 I made the dumb mistake of switching the lights on with my phone  instead of my hand. The shock was so big that I could see the blue light surging out of the switch. I even got a headache at some point and I really think this switch needs to be fixed as it is a hazard to students. 
Difference between binary tree and binary search tree? Hi ! I&#39;ve realized that I&#39;m getting a lot of these concepts mixed up. Can someone explain what the difference is between a regular binary tree and a binary search tree? What makes it a search tree? Thank you!
2019w2-f p2 I was checking the solution for this problem and noticed that the solution file had used  and  in the function body, so this confused me a bit since the instructions state that: &#34;The function definitions MUST NOT use any part of the recursive Natural template or the  template.&#34; Wouldn&#39;t using  and  technically violate that rule? -&gt; Natural;; produce largest number in list;; CONSTRAINT: List has at least one element 4 100 23;; SOLUTION   
2022 w2 p5                         That&#39;s my solution and I ignore 0. Because when calculating the sum, 0 is negligible. Is my solution valid as well? I&#39;m not sure since autograder gave me 55%.
exams/2022w2-f/f-p3 This says to treat this as a two-one-of problem but i cant find a way to decrease the cases and the solution doesnt it decrease it aswell, how are we supposed to know this during exam that we dont have to decrease the number of cases?   ;fill in your CWL here  ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line;;;; Consider the following data definition.  Note that this is just a binary;; tree, it is not a binary search tree.  Each node has a key, value, left;; child, and right child - like a binary search tree. But, there are no;; constraints on the arrangements of the nodes keys - unlike a binary search;; tree.;;;; BinTree is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a binary tree#|[20 points]Design the function below.The function consumes two binary trees and produces  if they are equal.Note that this problem will not be hand-graded, but you should treat it as atwo-one-of problem and sketch out a cross-product of type comments tableanyways.Your answer must include @signature, purpose, appropriate check-expects,@template-origin and a correct function definition.After you finish the rest of the exam, if you have time, come back and think very carefully about test argument thoroughness.  There are a surprisingnumber of cases.NOTE: This problem will be autograded, and ALL OF THE FOLLOWING ARE ESSENTIAL      IN YOUR SOLUTION.  Failure to follow these requirements may result in      receiving zero marks for this problem. - The function you design MUST BE CALLED btree-equal? - You MUST NOT EDIT the provided @htdf tag. - You MUST NOT COMMENT out any @ metadata tags. - You must follow all applicable design rules. - The file MUST NOT have any errors when the Check Syntax button is pressed.|#;; produce  if the the two trees consumed are equal        ; #|                                    t2                                           t1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |#    ]        [ ]        [ ]        [                                                                                    ]         Solution ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line;; BinTree is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a binary tree;;;; Design a function that consumes two binary trees and produces  if they are;; equal.  Note that this problem will not be hand-graded, but you should find it;; helpful to treat it as a two-one-of problem and sketch out a cross-product of;; type comments table anyways.;;;; All recipe steps.;; Standard HtDF instructions;;;; produce  if t1 and t2 are equal        ;;     bt1              ;; bt2;;;;                  ;;;;        ;;                                ;;                                ;;                                    ]        [ ]        [ ]        [                                                       ]
Base Case for Check expect  or ;; produces  from start to to in increasing alphabetical order;;;  is no such  is found       ;  ;stub String genrec                  umulator -catch  ;;  is ; names of  nodes              ]               ]                    [                            ]                    [                     ]                    [                                                       ]                       ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]      Hi, this is my solution for 2022 w2 problem 6 and I didn&#39;t get the   test right the first time because I thought it would produce  since we need to go in alphabetical order. For question like this on test, will we get sample check-expects and base cases more specified? 
when do you use a worklist? ^
2022 w1 Q6 next-search-states does NOT preserve package order contrary to the given diagram, the order of the packages in search state is not preserved.if the order was to be preserved, the package sizes would be in order 1, 2, 3, 4. However, the next-search states has changed them..Unless the student were to implement next-search-states almost identically to how it was in the solution, we would e many marks over this .Can anyone provide any explanation to why next-search-state order suddenly doesn&#39;t matter?
Signature Issue For signature, how do I know that the one for  should be U? The code is below:;; Stuff is    Y Z Stuff -&gt; X                                                                     b1]                  [                                           ]                       b2]                  [                   ]]    
Is commenting out allowed on the final? I was wondering if it is allowed durign the final exam to go Racket -&gt; Comment out with semicos/ Uncomment? Sometimes it is useful when part of the code has error but one still want to run the code.
Use of umulator I just want to make sure for umulators, since we won&#39;t have tandem, if it&#39;s structural recursion, we use , and if it&#39;s tail recursion, we use  and worklist , and this is always  correct?
Denied ess to important links I cannot ess the important links page anymore, is anyone  experiencing this issue?Nvm I can ess it
Requested to use lab computers for final, haven&#39;t received location nor time I requested to use the lab computers for the finals since I had device issues. I was told by email that a lab room would be available for me, but no information about the location nor the time was given. After sending two emails, I haven&#39;t received a reply up to today so I&#39;m posting this on Piazza as my last resort.
course grading Hi, i have question that i am exempted from midterm 1 so my weightage shifted to midterm 2 so now to pass this course I have to get midterm 2 &#43; final &gt;= 100/2 right?
2019 w2 f p5 graph Can someone explains to me how this function definition below work?  ;; Termination:  ;;   base:  is   ;;   reduction: if n not  add its nexts to  and add n to   ;;   argument:   grows only by nexts of n if not , graph is finite  ;;              so all nodes will eventually be    ;;  is : all nodes already   ;;  is : work list  ;; rsf is  : result so far                                 ]                  [                                                                                  ]                        rsf]                  [                      rsf]                       ]                  [                    n                                                                                                        ]]        I get the first two local definitions-- and . However, when it comes to the  helper, I felt a little bit t about how it actually works. Since it is called within the foldr abstract function, I assume it will consume a node and the result of the natural recursion of the rest of the nodes, which are elements produced by . However, in the actual function definition, it consumes a node and a list of course. I wonder how it specifically works.
2021 w1 f p1 how does adding an = sign in the following function make a difference?               ]                  [                    hi                        ;                         lo  d                          d hi]]    
2020w1 f p3  I think that the solution to this problem seems a little bit weird. As what we are given in &#34;tree-wl-values&#34; at point 1 is , so i assume that &#34;at point 1&#34; is actually before it reaches point 1, which is written at . So, we can infer that &#34;at point 3&#34; and &#34;at point 5&#34; are also the moment just before reaching that point. So the &#34;tree-wl-values&#34;answer for &#34;point 3&#34; should be  instead of , and for &#34;point 5&#34; it should be  instead of  . However , the solution to &#34;point 3&#34; is , which doesn&#39;t have V.. The picture below is what I understand.
2020 w1 f q2 umulator   ;; curr is ;reverse of sequence in 0 ending just before   ;; rsf is  ;reverse of gest sequence found so far  ;; CONSTRAINT: curr will never be                ]                  [                                                                         ] ;might not get used                      f                          ncurr                                                                                                    rsf]                        l1 l2]                    From my understanding, curr is a context preserving umulator but I am wondering why it needs to be a reverse and what it exactly means by &#34;0 ending just before &#34;. What is curr actually doing in this function?Thanks in advance! 
Problem-bank Programming contest I am not good at search, especially design the generative part. So I took this problem to practice. The solution used a very beautiful way to solve the problem, but I don&#39;t think I could think of that on my own. I was ing to use this apporach to design my program:initialize search state -&gt; generate next states -&gt; go through next states and rule out invaild ones -&gt; combine the results.Specifically,initialize search state: generate the plan state with  numbers except adding all the problems as list to decide.generate next states: take the first element to decide ande make 2 states: ped and move.go through next states: fn-for-list to navigate the list and append the results.rule out invalid ones: check each plan state, and only add valid states to my list.Here is my code, but it doesn&#39;t seem to generate next states correctly, because my function only returns plans when 1 question is enough to meet both criteria. Can anyone tell me what did I do wrong?                  Problem genrec arb-tree encapsulated   ;check search state, call generate                         ] ;end case                 [                  ]                      nlproblems] ; over time                          [                             nlproblems] ; enough points                          [ nlproblems] ; generate                           ]                                  ;; generate next search states            ;planstate -&gt;                                                     ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ;; check next states, combine all results                       ]                  [   ; -&gt;                                 ]]     Error message:Check failures:        Actual value differs from  ,the expected value.in programming-contest-v1.rkt, line 123, column 0
2023 w1 mt2 p3 I just wanted a little clarification on why we wouldn&#39;t have a value for z, which i think to be 4, in the lifted definition of  as we should need to evaluate  and pass it to .                                                          ]              ]    Correct Answer:                 ]      
Scan keyword Do we need to know the behaviour of the scan keyword? It appears in many of the obscure data definitions.
2021 w2 f / is it tandem? I dont know what tandem is, but I&#39;m worried if we have this kind of question on the examis it tandem? or just graph that we should know?  ;; star-name-wl is   ;; worklist of star names  ;; previous-mag-wl is              ;; tandem worklist of previous star magnitude     ;; -wl is             ;; tandem worklist of star name   ;; an alternative approach would just have two worklists:  ;; star-name-wl is   ;; worklist of star names  ;; -wl is   ;; tandem worklist of s in constellation from s0 to current star                                     ]                       ;cycle                          prev-mag ;mag didn&#39;t increase                     ]                    [ to-sn ]                    [                      star-name-wl                                  nmag                                         previous-mag-wl                                  n                                         -wl]                       ]                  [                                                                                                                                                                                   ]]    
"2023-summer-final-problem-3 I have read @1569, but I have a doubtThe question-statement is: `produce names of tree nodes that are directly on an odd branch`This is the correct solution, and I understand how and why it works:```  ;; odd-branch? is Boolean  ;;  if the immediately preceding branch had an odd number  ;;  otherwise                #f                 #f              ;This fn could just not have             ]            ;the odd-branch? parameter                  [                           ;at all.                    #f                            #f]                                            ]    ```This is my solution, and ording to me, it's perfect. Its flawless. Its beautiful. But it doesn't work :-  ;; odd-tree:  ;; list of tree names in odd branch               odd-tree                                 ]                  [                                       odd-tree                            odd-tree]                                                                                                 odd-tree                 odd-tree]    ```Instead it produces:```Actual value  list -1- ""A"" -1- -1- ""C"" differs from , the expected value.```My question is this: According to me, my code should work. I am *cons-ing* the tree-names with odd-branch-parent, and producing the RSF in the end. Why is my code not working?"
Local P4 ;; Given the following function definition:;;;; ;;    ];;     ;;         ;;         ;;                 ;; How many function definitions are lifted during the evaluation of the ;; expression in part A.;; Write out the lifted function definition. Just the actual lifted function ;; definitions. I wrote that there were 2 definitions lifted, which were:  But after checking with the solution, it turns out that there are 3 definitions lifted:   So addx is lifted a third time because the main boo function is called 3 times, even though the third evaluation of boo results in  producing , which means that addx won&#39;t even be called. The definitions in the local are lifted whenever the function is called, even if they aren&#39;t going to be used.Can someone check if my understanding is correct?
Duplicated practice exams | 2020-W1 There&#39;s two practice exam folders with the same nameThe only difference seems to be the &#34;2020W1-F&#34; folder not having the p1 starter
m11-maze-4-way--solution encapsulated? &amp; what does it entail. I was just reviewing the lecture starter file and was wondering why Q1  has encapsulated in the template-origin whilst Q2  does not have encapsulated in the template-origin. I understand that an umulator already indicates that an encapsulation is a part of it. The question I&#39;m kind of asking is when should I write encapsulation in the template-origin, and to be more specific, especially when there is an umulator in the template origin as well... or did the solution file have a typo? Thanks.Screen_Shot_2023-12-12_at_7.18.50_PM.pngScreen_Shot_2023-12-12_at_7.18.57_PM.png
2020 w2 f p3 I used foldr and filter to design this function while the solution is using foldr, map and filter. I was wondering if my solution is valid, because this file is not getting submitted in autograder.given solution:                                    ]    my solution:               1                                          rc]              
Unweighted Average Question of MT1,MT2 and EXAM Question I want to make sure I was understanding this correctly on the syllabus. Does the unweighted average mean that I only take the percentage from my MT1, MT2 and EXAM and divide it by 3. For example if I got 90% on MT1 and 60% on MT2, . I technically have passed this requirement already?This is what the syllabus sais:&#34;Students must pass the unweighted average of the three exams &#34; Thankyou very much I just want to make sure my understanding is correct.
choice of abstract functions In 2023s final p4, I used the same abstract functions as given in the solution, but I&#39;ve unfortunately used them in the wrong order and the autograder gave me a 0 for the question . If this happens during the exam, will there be any way to get partial marks back for at least identifying the correct abstract functions, or would we need to just take the 0 since we used them in the wrong order?
Choice of built-in abstract functions ;; *** MUST NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ***                                           y &#34;&#34; In P4 of the summer 2023 final, the auto-grader deducts points from this solution because it doesn&#39;t use filter first. However this solution is readable and in fact uses one less abstract function. Should this also be correct? 
2020 w2 f p1 For the signature of this abstract function why do we have Boolean as the result for a? Since a&#39;s result is d, and d is itself , why don&#39;t we put  in place of Boolean?The following is the solution. -&gt; Boolean    -&gt;    d]        [                         d]
How is this operand? 2023 S1 F P1 Will parameter be eptable? How is this operand? Will parameter be eptable?
2022-w2 f p3 - using  I&#39;m sure this is not the intended solution to this problem, but would the use of  be permitted in a question like this? There isn&#39;t a restriction for it in the problem statement and the autograder gives 100% for this silly solution.;; produces  if trees are equal        ;  ;stub#|;;      t1                                      t2               [1]    [1]      [1]    [1]|#  ]
"2023-summer-final-problem-2: When should I NOT use an umulator The problem is:`produce a concatenation of all the names in the tree` Here's the correct solution:```                                                                          """"]                  [                                                     ]                                ]    ```But I had initially thought that I would need an umulator with structural recursion, and I tried this:```  ;;  is String  ;; The list of Tree-names  so far, excluding the current one                                                ]                  [                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ]                                 ]     ```And I was getting a result like this :```Actual value ""AFOOTOPBFOOTOPFOOTOPCBARTOPBARTOPDTOPTOP"" differs from ""TOPFOOABBARCD""```I understand the solution. My question is, how do I figure out that this is NOT an umulator problem?"
Online OH Today from 5-7pm switch to In person As both of TAs are having troubles with Zoom, we decide to switch this OH to in person session at DLC regular place! Feel free to come here for questions.
2021 W1F q3 find-easiest--sr Hello, here is the question for 2021 W1F q3:In a graph that has joins, we need to use Structurual Recursion to find the shortest  from the start point to the destination. By finding the shortest , the question implies we need to  all possible s and compare the sum of the steps, and give the one corresponding to the least steps. My understanding of structural recursion tells me if I reach my desination, I would immediately return the result. However, in this situation I would never have a chance to  other options and compare the results. Can anyone tell me why the structura; resursion works in this situation?;; ---- find-easiest--sr ----#|This function must use structural recursion. It consumes a from room name and ato room name. It searches the graph for a  starting at the from room, goingto the to room.  It there is no such  it produces .  Otherwise, itfinds the  with the fewest number of steps, and for that  it producesthe stairs labels on the  starting with the first stairs and ending with thelast stairs.|#    ;prevent loops     ;not structural     ;not structural     ;not structural    ;need to  next branch
What exactly tandem worklist is? Is it the topic in the edx, named &#34;worklist&#34;? or is there something more?
2021 W1 F q3 Although in the practice exam it does not ask us to actually solve this problem but I tried to, and I don&#39;t know how to solve it without a worklist. Every time we reach the destination, we need to store our current  , go back and do another  again and compare the result of the new  with rsf, store the result, go back again until the worklist is . Without a worklist, when the first time I reach the destination it just stops and cannot  the remaining s.
2023s q6 Is this doable without tandem worklist?
2021w1 f p4 Sorry for asking the same question, I am still struggling. Stairs ;original types           genrec                      ;get-room is generative           umulator                 ;           -catch                  ;failure handling in sr  ;; trivial:   reaches to room or previously traversed room on   ;; reduction: at each stair lookup the room it leads to  ;; proof:     house is finite, if we never go to any given room  ;;            more than once we will run out of rooms to visit  ;;  is                to                                                        ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]                  [                                                                       ]                  [                                                   ]]     This is the solution from P4 .The solution is adding STRS instead of  or Room.  The trivial is    reaches to room or previously traversed room on but adding stirs  does not match the trivial sentence, and I feel its safer to have  as .Can some one explain why the solution is adding strs to ?
For m11-maze-4-way-solvable-no-revisits How did we know that at the second node that the right-hand node would be at the start of the worklist and then we would go down and take the right-hand once more and then the left-hand node off the worklist?;; produce  if maze is solvable,  otherwise;; CONSTRAINT maze has a  at least in the upper left #t #t #t  #t #f #t #t           ;; trivial:             ;; reduction:           ;; argument:          ;; : ; tghe positions that fn-for-p has passed                       ]                  [                   ]                  [                     p-wl ]                       ]                  [                     ]                              ;; Pos -&gt; Boolean                    ;; produce  if pos is at the lower right                                                   ;; Pos -&gt;           ;; produce next possible positions based on maze geome                                          ]                                         ;legal x                                ;legal y                                ;open?                              ;up                                    ;down                             y        ;left                             y    ;right          ;; Maze Pos -&gt; Boolean          ;; produce contents of maze at location p          ;; assume p is within bounds of maze                       ]          
P2 Exam 2022w1-f/f-p2  I did this in a slightly different way and was wondering if I would e marks on this?Everything is right, the autograder is all right but the check-expects is just in different order. Something like this might also happen in search problems. Would we really e marks for not writing the exact solution? Given that we are told explicitly not to change the order of check-expects but I was told to do that in a lab if I was getting the right answer but different orderThanks 
Joins When would we need to prevent joins and use tail recursion?
"Can I have 2 expressions that prevent cycles?              ] ;;CAN I KEEP IT ON THE FUNCTION?                   						 [ ]                   				[                    					 ]                   				[    ]Sorry I am reposting to get an feedback. this expression and this expression, both prevent cycles.Would there be any problem if I keep both of them in my function?"
Advice  Hi, from yesterday last day my body is been heating up and down, due to viral fever.My performance is strong till now in this course i performed well both the MTS and i finished up problem bank for the Final and finished practicing mt2s however while im ing to do past papers , i&#39;m ill but im forcing my way through because i want to get done with this course and finish off strong, but my body is not letting me . What should i do ? I only took concession for the lab 6. Please shed some guidance
evaluating Hello, could someone explain how we got these answers for problem 3? I understand  , but I dont understand why we have 2 additional ones. Thanks! ;; Given the following function definition:;;;; ;;    ];;     ;;         ;;         ;;                 ;; ;; Write out the lifted function definition. Just the actual lifted function ;; definitions.   
2020 W2 Q5 Hi! I have two qustions about the solution code for this question:1. How are they preventing joins from happening? Since it is only structural recursion, we can only prevent cycles right? What about the joins that are possible in the graph2. I noticed that they initialized prev with 0 even though it isn&#39;t technically correct because there is no immediately preceding node when we start at the very beginning right? Is this still correct? or ;;  from start to to in which numbers strictly increase     String genrec umulator -catch;; SR solution   ; names of nodes on this  in the graph          ;; prev is Natural; number of immediately prior node on this                         ]  ;cycle                                  [ prev       ] ;number must increase                  ;;                                   ;also prevents cycles                  [ to                    ]                  [                                                                                    ]                                 ]                  [                     prev]                                                                         prev]                                  prev]    
2021 w1 Q4 Hi! i&#39;m wondering for this question, why didn&#39;t we need to prevent joins? Here is the graph provided, and there are possible joins happening, for instance at F and Z. I understand that the line  prevents cycles, but since this is a  umulator, it won&#39;t prevent joins right? Why don&#39;t we need to prevent joins here?#|In this starter file you must write a complete design for thefind-increasing--sr function.This function must use structural recursion. It consumes a from room name anda to room name. It searches the graph for a  starting at the from room,going to the to room, and where each Stairs taken must have at least one moresteps than the previous stairs.  If there is no , it produces . Otherwise, for the first such  it finds, it produces a list of theStairs labels on the  starting with the first Stairs and ending with thelast Stairs.You must provide a complete HtDF function design below. For maximum credityour function should run properly and pass all submitted and additionaltests.|# or            ;  ;stub Stairs ;original types           genrec                      ;get-room is generative           umulator                 ;           -catch                  ;failure handling in sr  ;; trivial:   reaches to room or previously traversed room on   ;; reduction: at each stair lookup the room it leads to  ;; proof:     house is finite, if we never go to any given room  ;;            more than once we will run out of rooms to visit  ;;  is                to                                                        ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]                  [                                                                       ]                  [                                                   ]]     
2021 w2 q7 For 2021 w2 q7, is it simply impossible to solve this question tail recursively without tandem worklists? if so, why is this the case? This is my tail recursive solution, but it doesn&#39;t work. Is it just because you need to use tandem worklist?  ;s-wl is ;list of un stars  ; is ; list of star names with increasing magnitude  ;prev is Number; magnitude of previous star               sn  ]                  [  prev ]                  [                    s-wl                                 ]                           ]                    [                      prev]]        
Order of MAP               ;why is it not &#34;B&#34; &#34;C&#34; &#34;D&#34; &#34;E&#34;This was one of the check-expects for the find- for the pset11&#39;s problem 1. I am wondering why it  produces  not I always have problems sketching the image, or knowing the exact order of the graph when creating my check-expects. For instance for the lab and the. How am I supposed to know that it was going through the &#34;A&#34; after going to &#34;C&#34; . Couldn&#39;t &#34;C&#34; have gone to &#34;D&#34; instead?How would I approach making sure that I can get the order of the graph correct in general!?
Accumulators P4 from Problem Bank Hi! I&#39;m working on Accumulators P4 from the problem bank, and it asks to make a tail-recursive function, so I just wanna clarify some things on making a function tail-recursive.This is my function definition:  ;; sum is Number; sum so far               sum]                  [                     sum]]     And this is the function definition from the solution:  ;; cnt: Number; how many numbers so far   ;; sum: Number; sum of numbers so far    ;;  ;;   0 0  ;;   1 2  ;;   2 5  ;;   3 9               ]                 [                                               sum]]      I&#39;m wondering particularly about why the solution had to use the cnt umulator. Is it necessary to use cnt if I can use  instead? And another thing, does the final result HAVE to be in the base case? Can&#39;t I manipulate the result from the base case in the trampoline instead ? Or will that make the function not tail-recursive? Thanks so much!
2022W2 Final - P1 Can someone explain why E is an operand and not an argument? Or are both epted? 
Use of formulas In problem 5 of the 2022w2-final, a problem asked us to form a function that consumes a natural number n, and produces the sum of the integer integer intervals [0, 0] [0, 1] ... [0, n]. In my solution, I use a formula as a helper. When I submitted it to the autograder, it said the choice of abstract function was incorrect. Just for clarification, are we allowed to use formulas from other subjects?     n 2]     partial
2022 w1 Q6 Hi! I&#39;m very confused about this question and what the purpose of the function next-search-states? is. I have tried going over the code but have no idea what it means and why it is there? The next-search-states function above it makes perfect sense to me, but I&#39;m just wondering what next-search-states? does. Can someone help explain? Any help would be appreciated!!                       ]                                                                                                                                              pkgs                                                  pkgs            pkgs]    ;;     ;;                     ;;               ;;  ==&gt;    ;;     ;;                          ;;                    ;;           ;;                          ;;                    ;;    ;; so...    ;; for every package in has-room    ;;  there must be an ss    ;;     with fst added to that package&#39;s pkg-gifts    ;;     and with other packages in pkgs unchanged    ;;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    s       has-room                  #f]                  [                    size                             gifts                       ]]                         l1         l2
Course grade I am pretty sure that it was posted on piazza that the course grades will be posted on Canvas before the final exam, is it still ? because my canvas grades section is still blank
Problem Bank - Local P3 HelloI&#39;ve noticed that there are now some local evaluation questions for practice and have started doing them... However, I think there&#39;s a typo in the first oneWhat the starter file has:What the solution file has:It seems that the local definition for bar contains a  for the starter... However in the solution, its now . It should be  in the starter too, correct?
Question for exam 2023s-f p3 Hi, I just want to ask, If the question does not require us to use umulator, we didn’t use it, but the autograding gives several marks down. Could we do it? Or it is not correct? 
Signature for abstraction function How come signature for this is  Y  -&gt; Y????Where in each part of the signature is shown? like where is &#34; -&gt; Y&#34; in function defintiion? ;; ListOfX is one of:;; - ;; -   ;copy the list ]      ;count elements of list                              3 6                   ;add elements of list;a different kind of adding              &#34;abcdef&#34;             ;even more different adding                                                                                 a]                                                                                                                     b]        [                      ]
2020 w1 f q2   ;; curr is ;reverse of sequence in 0 ending just before   ;; rsf is  ;reverse of gest sequence found so far  ;; CONSTRAINT: curr will never be .I am kind confused about the use of curr. Is it worklist ? 
Passing the course As a person who did pretty bad throughout the term, I have put great efforts on ing to pass this course. I just want to make sure, do we have to pass the final to pass the course? Or just pass the unweighed score/3&gt;=50? Thanks!
Average: problem Bank In this question: I am getting error as, if i use cond without  then it shows that for my check-expect , count=0 cannot be definedWhat should I do in this case?
MT2 2021 W1 ABSTRACTION I dont know why this would be wrong i just used foldl instead of foldr :;; image of naturals in [hi, lo]; size = n*SIZE-FACTOR; and odd or even color               &#34;red&#34;               &#34;blue&#34;                             &#34;orange&#34;                             &#34;blue&#34;                            -image; -image ; stub              -image                                                                                    -image                                                                                                     SIZE-FACTOR                                                                                                              odd-color                                                         even-colorThe solution has this:                                         -image                                                             odd-color even-color                      ]                                                    
2022w2-f/f-p4 partially correct choice of abstract function? My code is```    l 0 ```and the solution code is```  ```Why is the choice of abstract function partially correct? Do I have to only do one thing with each built-in abstract function?Purpose of function is to produce length of gest string; 0 if list is 
use of umulator in exam As there are some questions about local expression but easier to deal with umulator. Could we assume that we may always use an umulator if there is no line saying that an umulator is not allowed like the last question in midterm 2?Edit:For example, in 2023S-p3, it asked us to design a function, that for a given tree, produces a list of the names of nodes for which the immediate parent branch has an odd number. We have the lines below as instructions. - You MUST use the encapsulated templates above.  - You MUST NOT RENAME any of the local functions within those templates.  - You MUST NOT RENAME any of the parameters of those local functions.  - You MUST USE ALL of the local functions within those templates.When we use an umulator, it is in a different template and we add parameters to the given template. Could we still use the umulator in this case?
2023s-f problem 5 Hi, I&#39;d like to ask whats wrong with my solution.               v -image x y         -image loQuesttion states thatFor maximum credit your function definition must have:  - exactly two calls to foldr and two calls to map, OR  - exactly two calls to foldrHowever, I got marked off for this   36%  of    45%  x     choice of abstract functions: partially correct 
Gregor Tuesday Office Hours Looks like we are pretty much ready w/ the exam so I&#39;ll be able to do extra office hours Tuesday 11-1 in ICCS 246.
Genrec in graph problems This is a similar question to @1615, but I wanted some further explanation as to why genrec is included in the template-origin tag for graph problems. It&#39;s not really a search problem, as we aren&#39;t generating anything new to pass to a fn-for-lox. If the next nodes are already given to us, what are we generating? Does it have something to do with umulators?Also, for this question in particular , why was String in the template-origin tag if it is primitive data. Is this just a mistake?Please clarify. Thanks! String umulator -catch  ;;                  ]                  [                                            ]                  [ end                    ]                  [                                                    ]                       ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]    
2021 w2 f p7  I wrote the non-tail recursive solution for this question and this is what I got for the autograder feedback. Does this indicate that my solution was correct? . 
2023s-f-p6 tests fail message Hi, I&#39;m just wondering what &#34;shared&#34; and &#34;-1-&#34; mean in this test failed result, and how I could fix it. Thanks!!
Canvas Grades Hi there, I was wondering when we would be able to see our grades on Canvas for our problem sets, labs, and both midterms. I believe I read on another post that the updated midterm marks will be posted before the final, so I&#39;m just curious as to when this might be out as our final is this week. Thanks!
2021 w2 f p3 *** PART B ***Consider the design of a function called total-hours-tr.  The first partof the function design looks like this:;; total hours to complete this challenge, including its subtasks/subchallenges 0 24 31 46The function definition MUST BE TAIL RECURSIVE.Using the design methods in this course, should this function definition bewritten using any umulators?To answer, first replace &#34;???&#34; in PART-B-YES/NO with &#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34;.|# ;replace &#34;???&#34; with &#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34;#|If you put &#34;no&#34; then you are done with Part B, go on to Part C.If it should be written using umulators, then for each of these four specifickinds of umulator below we want to know whether that specific kind ofumulator is needed and why:- worklist- one or more tandem worklists- - rsfThe possible reasons why are:1 - to store un children of  nodes2 - to store the total hours seen so far3 - to store challenges with more tasks than their parent4 - to store parent challenge name5 - to break cycles6 - to handle joins7 - to umulate information ag s in the data8 - to umulate information ag tail recursive callsTo answer replace each ??? in PART-B with either 0 to indicate that specifickind of umulator is not necessary; or put an integer from 1-8 to indicatethat the umulator is necessary for the specific reason from the numberedlist above.|#          ;replace every ??? with integer 0-8These are my answers for Part BHowever  these are the correct answers           ;replace every ??? with integer 0-8I don&#39;t understand why we do choose rsf to umulate information ag tail recursive calls when we need to produce a value, why wouldn&#39;t it be 2?
Exploiting definition I know that Exploiting the invariant involves counting on the umulator to always represent what the umulator describe, but can someone help identify where in the code exploiting is occurring?  umulator    ;;  is ...; ...                ]                  [                                                                          ]]   ;;  is Natural; 1 based index of  in lox0  ;;  1    ;0 should be kept  ;;  2    ;1 should be ped  ;;  3    ;0 should be kept  ;;  4    ;1 should be ped  ;;  5    ;0 should be kept  ;;  6               ]                  [                                                                    ;when adding element to a list use cons                              ]]         ; 1 based index of  in lox0 
2022 w2 f p3 autograder Hi!Is it just me or is there no autograder for question 3. I submitted it multiple times and ensured that everything ran before submitting but in my handback it just has the hand-in file and not the grading-report.
2022 wt2 f p3 I&#39;m a little unsure as to why my following code returns  for the check expect:  .  ] ;[1]       [ ]       [                                                                                 ]I&#39;ve taken a look at the answer and I think that my first 2 cond cases are similiar to:[  ]        [ ]        [ ] 
Edx Problem Bank - Accumulators P9 I was looking at the solution of the problem, and I noticed that in one of the solutions, the template for counts is not used to code the function. Is not using the given template to code the function allowed? If it is, how do we know when to use the template and when not to? 
2021w2-f/f-p7               ] ;;CAN I KEEP IT ON THE FUNCTION?                  [ ]                  [                    ]                  [                                                                          ]                                   ]                    [                                                                      pmag]                                                                       pmag]]        [ ] and [  ] both prevent cycles, but can I still keep the latter in the function?
Confused about error Hello, I was working on one of the practice exams and received an error I have never seen before! I was hoping that someone might be able to explain what it means. Thanks!This is what it should produce:This is what I got:
2022-w2-finals-q6: Why is my code not working? This is my code```  ;; prev is String ; The node-name of previous node  ;;  is  ; The  through the treew                ]                  [ prev ]                  [ to0 ]                  [                                                                                    ]                                 ]                  [                                                                            prev                                                         ]                                                                        prev ]                                 prev ]         start0 ```And this is the error:```check-expect encountered the following error instead of the expected value, .    :: first: expects a non- list; given: map```The error is thrown because of this function:```               ]                  [                    name                                              ]]    ```I thought about this a lot. My code is almost exactly like the solution. This is the solution:```                ]                  [                                            ]                  [ end                    ]                  [                                                    ]                       ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]    ```Can I get an insight on what is causing this bug?
2021w2-f p4 How did my submission for this problem use too much time? When I ran the file all the tests passed in less than a second. What if this were to happen on the actual exam? I&#39;ve included my solution below for reference. -&gt; String;; string-append the strings with odd length &#34;&#34; &#34;afgh&#34;   ]    
2023s-f problem 3: confusing output in tests When I run my check-expects for problem 3 of the 2023s final, I get a confusing result in one of the tests with &#34;.&#34; I tried reading the documentation on shared, but I don&#39;t understand what it means and can&#39;t debug why the code is creating this problem.Here is my code:Here is the check-expect result:
22 w2 final p6 template-origin for graph problems this is how i wrote my template-origin: I thought when we have the genrec template, we will no ger need to include -catch, Node,  and String, since these are all part of the genrec template so are already included. I&#39;m also wondering, in other umulator problems rather than map, when there is a genrec template used, should we also include everything just as this problem? Thanks!
lab 1 autograder I am aware that sometimes the grader can be a bit slow and give the report a few mins later after your submission, but I submitted lab 1 as practice at 10:29 and there still isn&#39;t a grading report :
2021w1-f/f-p3 Can someone explain why we wouldn&#39;t need a  umulator here even though it is a tail recursive function? 
worklist umulator clarification question, and to confirm my understanding and if anyone would like to add on to what I&#39;m missing-worklist keeps track of the remaining s/nodes/elements the function needs to work through. when would worklist be used? eg. arb-tree or bin-tree or or/tr
Termination Argument 2020 W2 Final P5   ;; Termination Argument  ;; base:   ;; reduction step:   ;; argument: since the graph size is finite,  ;; generating next nodes would eventually produce node equals to to  ;; or fail and produce .;; Termination argument:          ;;   trivial case: reach a node already on           ;;   reduction: next nodes of current node          ;;   argument: graph is finite, so detecting cycles with           ;;             will ensure that we eventually visit entire graphThe first argument is mine and the second one is the solution.I am confused why checking on cycles is the base  case.shouldn&#39;t it be when the function ends and produces a result?
2020w2-f p6 This is my solution to the problem, I was coding for V4 of the problem, but the grader deemed it as V3.What&#39;s making my function not tail recursive? My recursion calls are all in tail position .
Do we use intermediate student with lambda or advanced student custom Do we use intermediate student with lambda or advanced student custom in final? Thanks!
2021 W2 F The File is ?is this the same for everyone? 
Help with Sudoku I have spent the whole night ing to make sudoku work I am not sure what I am doing wrong  ;gets list-ref, take and drop        ;; Brute force Sudoku solver;;;; In Sudoku, the board is a 9x9 grid of SQUARES.;; There are 9 ROWS and 9 COLUMNS, there are also 9;; 3x3 BOXES.  Rows, columns and boxes are all UNITs.;; So there are 27 units.;;;; The idea of the game is to fill each square with;; a natural in [1, 9] such that no unit contains a duplicate;; number.;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Val is Natural;; interp. value in a sudoku square, in [1, 9];; Board is  that is 81 elements g;; interp.;;  Visually a board is a 9x9 array of squares, where each square;;  has a row and column number .  But we represent it as a;;  single flat list, in which the rows are layed out one after;;  another in a linear fashion.  and position in a board.;; Pos is Natural;; interp.;;  The position of a square on the board in [0, 80]. For a given p, then;;    - the row    is ;;    - the column is ;; Convert 0-based row and column to Pos  c  ;helpful for writing tests;; Unit is  of length 9;; interp. ;;  The position of every square in a unit. There are;;  27 of these for the 9 rows, 9 columns and 9 boxes.;; =================;; Constants: ;B stands for blank  ;; Positions of all the rows, columns and boxes:                                                                                                                                                                                                ;; =================;; Functions:;; produce a solution for bd; or  if bd is unsolvable;; Assume: bd is valid   BD4s BD5s                               bd                                                                                                      ]                  [                   ]                                                                       ]]              ;; produce  if the board is already solved;; no  spots in the board      bd;; produce a list of all valid next boards                                                             ]                                                                            ]                  [                    bd                          bd]                                 ]                  [                                             bd]                              ]                  [                                            ]                                                            ]                  [                                           ]                       ]                  [                                                                  ]]                                       ;; Produce value at given position on board. 6 8    ;; produce new board with val at given position 1                                     
m11-maze-4 red arrows appearing when running function with cycles Hi, when I ran my function for m11-maze-4 starter, a red arrow would appear. I am aware that my function now would generate loop, but I just wanted to know what does this arrow indicates in case I run into this problem during final, thank you!
Autograder Implementation Question This is not really a content-related question, I&#39;m just curious.For exam problems where there are multiple versions, how does the autograder distinguish which version the student chose? Seems like it uses the check-expects?
Final Can we expect that the final will be easier since we have a week less than previous years?
question about the grade of pset I tried using tail recursive after completing the first part and submitted it, although what I did was successful, the auto grader wouldn&#39;t let me use tail recursive for the first part, so I got zero points and this was my last submission . I don&#39;t want to e this point for my last assignment, who should I explain my problem to to make up for my mistake?
World Problems on Exam? Hi, Gregor said in class that world-state problems will not be on the final exam. However, Question2 on 2021 w1 f seemed like a world-state problem and im wondering if that is because the exam testing material changed since 2021, or if similar questions still may pop up on our final? 
2022 w2 q3     ]        [ ]        [ ]        [                                                       ]This is the solution for 2022w2 q3. why would we not simplify the second and third cases to be  ?
Exam 2020w1-f P3 starter  Hello I was just wondering, how would we know if the function appends the new  in the front or the back? For example, I got the order entirely reversed here, if this happened in the final, will we be deducted marks?Now consider a function that searches through the tree.  The function:   is based on the Tree and  templates   it has fn-for-t and fn-for-lot mutually recursive functions   is tail recursive   has a  umulator   and uses tandem worklists to maintain the  at each pointMy solution...     ;at 3             ;at 5           ;at 7     ;at 3             ;at 5           ;at 7The solution key                              ;at 3                              ;at 5                    ;at 7                                ;at 3                                            ;at 5                                            ;at 7   ;at 3                                   ;at 5                                            ;at 7
2022 w1 F p3 when to use  or  In part 2b and 2d, both of the functions are tail recursive, however the autograder says that both of them use a  umulator and not a  umulator. I was wondering why this is as I thought that the rule was that for tail recursive functions we use a  umulator and for structural recursive functions we use a  umulator? Part 2b says: &#34;This function must use tail recursion. It consumes a starting node name and produces a list of the names of all nodes that have a size greater than the previous node in the traversal. Note that some nodes are reachable from more than one prior node, so a node not included because of one prior node might be included because of another prior node.&#34;Part 2d says: &#34;This function must use tail recursion. It consumes a starting node name, a destination node name and produces the first  to the destination if found or fails otherwise.&#34;
2022 w1 f q4    cI made it right but I did not get why it has to be   c instead of  .
2019 w2 f p3 Have we ever used &#39;compose&#39;?Did I miss some lecture stuff...?Should we memorize this function? ;; START YOUR FUNCTION DESIGN BELOW HERE. -&gt; ;; produce messages for students enrolled in at least 1 department course                               ;can include Student  ;; there are a number of ways to do it, all are basically a map filter  ;; composition  #;            &#34; &#34; msg                                         #;               &#34; &#34; msg                      ]         student-name                                                       student-courses               
m11-out-of-order Clarification on Visited Hi everyone,I was hoping to get some clarification on what the value of &#34;&#34; should be when we are initializing it in our trampoline. I noticed that most of our examples up till now had it as &#34;&#34;, which made sense since our invariant for this umulator was usually the previously  nodes. Therefore, if we haven&#39;t  any nodes yet, our list would be . However, in the lecture starter m11-out-of-order, it mentions that  is always the previously  node in the tree, therefore it can never be . So we instead make our trampoline call fn-for-n and initialize  as  rather than &#34;&#34;.I&#39;m a bit confused on whether this means we should have been initializing  this way in all of our previous examples, since it will always be the previously  nodes in a tree?I would truly appreciate any help/clarification! Thank you. 
Weight of questions on prior exams Is there anywhere to see how much individual questions have been worth on the exams from previous years? I understand question weight changes every year, but it would be nice to get an idea of how much different questions will influence our final score.
Which template origins remain? Over the course we have added and stopped mentioning a few template-origin rules, from review and looking around I think that the only tags we use anymore are...encapsulated, -catch, genrec, arb-tree , bin-tree , umulator , 2-one-of and....X Where X is any type name.If this is correct I would appreciate any confirmation.Thanks!
2023s-f problem 1 May anyone tell why E is classified as an operand instead of a parameter?  
Producing False with Tail Recursion Hi there,I just wanted to clarify something for myself. I understand why we can&#39;t have a -catch with tail recursion, since it does not follow structural recursion and therefore we can&#39;t backtrack. But, does this mean that producing &#34;&#34; in these kinds of problems would almost always be the result of having a cycle/join? Thanks for the help in advance!
2021 w1 f p-4              ]                  [                                                                       ]                  [                                                   ]]this is the the solution code for Problem 4 .I noticed that  does not include the start node.It is ping first node and start adding second node on to .It works here, but shouldn&#39;t you must include the starting node in the  to prevent cycles? 
2022 w2 q2 In 2022 w2 q2, the question does not specify whether or not we should be using tail recursion or normal recursion. Does that mean that we can choose? or is 1 generally better than the other for cases like this?
2022 w2 final p2 I dont understand why we must filter the non-members of the professor list, isn&#39;t checking for duplicates done in the c1 function? whey must we check for duplicates in the c3 function as well. Are we checking for duplicate professors, if we are I&#39;m just confused about why there would be duplicate professors?                                                  lst2#;                        lst1                    lst2]    #;                                                                                     b1]                  [                                          ]                       b2]                  [                                          ]]    
Alternate Accumulator Invariant 2023f-3 p3 For 2023s-f problem 3, the solution uses the invariant:;; odd-branch? is Boolean;;  if the immediately preceding branch had an odd number;;  otherwiseand the trampoline:Here is the official solution:  ;; odd-branch? is Boolean  ;;  if the immediately preceding branch had an odd number  ;;  otherwise                #f                 #f              ;This fn could just not have             ]            ;the odd-branch? parameter                  [                           ;at all.                    #f                            #f]                                            ]    For my solution I used a different invariant:;; pnum is Natural; number of current parent branchand the trampoline:Here&#39;s my solution:  ;; pnum is Natural; number of current parent branch                                pnum                 pnum                                 ]                  [                    pnum                            pnum]                                 ]    I could see a possible dock in marks coming from my solution&#39;s trampoline being less straightforward than the official one however both trampolines go by the same logic of never having an odd parent branch for the initial tree as  will always evaluate to . I was still able to get 100 on the autograder using this solution but I wanted to ask if a working, alternate invariant would still result in full marks on an exam as I do understand my solution may be less readable.Thanks!
Visited vs Path  I have been studying and ing to understand the difference between Visited and Path umulators. I went through questions on Piazza and lecture recordings. What I understand is that : All nodes we went through on tail-recursion which prevents cycles and joins : All nodes we went through on structural recursion which only prevents cycles.I believe understand the basic idea of them but as I am solving practice exams, , I feel t on when to use one of them.I feel if it is a tail recursion, we should always use .. is it correct?and we use tail recursion when we need to prevent joins..right?
m09-search-triangle-solitaire-starter Hi, I was am confused about the lexical scoping of the local function. Below is a solve function I coded for m09-search-triangle-solitaire-starter, but the code never stops from running. I later found out that we had to define the two functions, valid-jumps and do-jumps, inside the all-next-bd function as a local function. I don&#39;t understand why it is necessary to define it inside a local function. The call to valid-jumps and do-jumps do happen even if they are in the same level, right? I&#39;m assuming that it has something to do with the fact that both of these functions are consuming Jump  as their argument, but I&#39;m not sure.Thank you!               ]                  [ ]                                                                                      ]                                 ]                  [                   ]                                                                       ]                       1                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ]                  [                    ]                                 ]                  [                                              v]]        
2022 W1 F P3 Part 2B I got this question wrong because I interpreted &#34;previous node in the traversal&#34; as . For future reference, when we&#39;re referring to the &#34;traversal&#34; of a graph, would it be the dynamic flow of the tail recursion , or the static structure of the tree ? Please help. Thanks!PART 2BThis function must use tail recursion. It consumes a starting node name andproduces a list of the names of all nodes that have a size greater than theprevious node in the traversal. Note that some nodes are reachable from morethan one prior node, so a node not included because of one prior node might beincluded because of another prior node.|# ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34; ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34; ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34;    ;a natural number, 0, 1, 2...
Template origins - Graphs problem bank Hello, I am confused on two things: Why do these differ in template origin? Tr vs Or, and why is that in ordinary recursion we first check member then check string=?, whilst in tr, we are checking if the room is a member of  after checking if we have the reached the room we want? note: for other students whom want to practice this,  it is from graph p2 on the problem bank.;; structural recursion only #;  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                 ]                  [ rn r]                  [                                                    ]                       ]                  [                    map                                          ]                                                                        ]]    ;; tail recursive version umulator encapsulated   ;;  is ; a worklist umulator of room names  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator,  ;;                             names of rooms already                 rn r]                  [                    ]                  [                                                    ]                       ]                  [                    map                                                                ]]    
2022 w1 f q5   ;; 3c, 7c are Natural  ;; each counter means n is the nth number since last multiple of 3/7  ;; so  when 3c is 3 n is a multiple of 3,  ;; and when 7c is 7 n is a multiple of 7,              ;; trivial: &gt; n stop            ;; reduction: add 1 to n            ;; argument: adding 1 to n will eventually exceed any Natural             ]                  [                     1 1]                  [  1 ]                  [   1]                  [                                              ]]    I am confused about this question, which one is umulator and can base case start from 0. 
2022 w2 f p6 Hi I am ing v3 currently for this problem and I looked at the solution:  ;;                  ]                  [                                            ]                  [ end                    ]                  [                                                    ]                       ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                       ]    I can&#39;t wrap my head around the part:                                          in the first function in local. It would be great if someone can explain what does this part checks in terms of the function. Thanks! 
Graphs P2 - problem bank What&#39;s the difference between checking if something is a member of  vs , as when comparing the ordinary vs tail recessive versions of this function , I notice the use of a function in or called union, which is not used in tr. I assume it is because unlike tr, or cannot prevent duplicate rooms from being added to the umatlor, so union must deal with this. But how does this work? ;; produces the number of rooms reachable from the given room ROOMS 1 ROOMS 6 ROOMS 6;; structural recursion only #;  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                                           ]                  [                    m                            ]]     1 ;; tail recursive version umulator encapsulated  ;;  is ; a worklist umulator of room names  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms  ;;                             already   ;; rsf is Natural; the number of rooms seen so far                                                                                                                                 rsf]                  [                    m                                                                  rsf]]       -&gt; ;; produce list containing all elements of l1 and l2 w/ no duplicates;; ASSUME: l1 and l2 have no duplicates themselves                        ;actually has some genrec in it too#|Cross Product of Types               l1                                                                                    l2                                 l1 [2]                                                                                              l2 [1]                                                                                          [3]                                                                                                   l2|#   l2]  ;        [ l1]  ;        [          ;                                      l2]
How to interpret this data?                                                                                 &#34;This is given to us to represent a map and rooms, but how do we interpret this? Like how are they able to get the check expect based on this : ROOMS 1 ROOMS 6 ROOMS 6
Sunday Office Hours Hi, I was ing to go for office hours today  and every door to the CPSC building is locked. Are there not office hours today? On the piazza post it said they’d be in room 150 as usual… 
Tr vs NR I know the answer for this is regular recursion , however, I am confused on what thought approach I should use to determine whether a function such as this from the problem bank requires tr or nr??Design a function that consumes a room and a map produces a list of thenames of all the rooms reachable from that room.
2022w2-f/f-p5 My solution    identity y]     identityAutograder Msg55%  of   100%  - Overall submission:     55%  of   100%  -  :     55%  of   100%  -   :     55%  of   100%  -    Use built-in abstract function -    10%  of    10%        @template-origin tag: correct.     0%  of    45%  x     choice of abstract functions: incorrect    45%  of    45%        Additional tests: correct. The only difference between my solution to the given solution is that I used abstract funtions insde a local where the latter did not. I don&#39;t see any reason not to put them inside the ocal. Is it just that the autograder is too picky? or or is there any rule that I am breaking?
How to tell when to use function composition in template origin? On mt2 this year, q2 did not use function-composition when the structure was foldr and map. However, question 4 on 2023 summer final has fn-composition in template origin when the function uses foldr and filter.I am confused when we can use function composition in template origin?
2022w2-f p2 template-origin for solution I was doing the practice exams from previous years and I was wondering is the template origin in the solution of the 2022 W2 problem 2 correct. The current template-origin is  umulator but shouldn&#39;t it actually be  umulator because the given solution uses a local. Thanks
2022 w1 f q3 For this part, why worklist of E1 cannot be   but worklist of B can be .
Built-in function to go from image to code? I was looking for a function that would take an image made in Racket and convert it into the code used to create the image. I searched through the helpdesk and could not find anything of the sort. It would take in an image and return a block of code which isn&#39;t something I&#39;ve seen but I assume it might be possible?For example, it would take inand return Does anyone know if this exists? 
2022w2-f/f-p5: Built-in Abstract Fn Choices Hellooo, I wondered if the following would be an eptable solution to P5 of 2022W2-f . My solution uses double  the built-in functions that the provided solution uses but it felt clearer with the given check expects for me. I explained my thought process below. Autograder only gave me 55%. I mean, my solution definitely could be more efficient but this is the direction the given check expects led me down, haha.Thanks in advance.;; produce sum of [0, 0] [0, 1] ... [0, n]                                                                                                           ;; *** MUST NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ***; 0;stub                       ;S3            identity  ;S2            identity          ;S1#| Thought Process:;; S1: Use build-list to create list of numbers given n;; S2: For each item in the list , create a new list of numbers                   ;; S3: For each item in the list , sum the numbers ;; S4: Sum all numbers in list 10|#
Why is this solution for P3 Lab 10 not tail recursive? Is this somehow because the function calls circled in red are wrapped using not?
Final Exam 2023s Problem 3 I have a confusion About P3 of the 2023 Summer FinalThis is the code that I have. However, this produces something  unusual can someone please explain what I am doing wrong here?
Autograder Problem What does this message mean?
Template origin question why do we not have to add Node to the template for this from lecture 22, and when do we add bin-tree not arb-tree?   ;; nn-wl is ;   worklist of node numbers  ;;  is   ;; Numbers of nodes already  in the tr.  is always  ;; the previous node&#39;s number which implies  is never                                                       ]               ]                    [ num]                    [                      n]                                 ]                   [                                                                                   ]]    ;; must start at fn-for-n to satisfy  invariant                     
Final Exam Contents - Are world problems included? I was wondering whether we will be tested on worlds programs? Professor Gregor mentioned that world programs wouldnt be in the exam on the 7 Dec lecture , but I dont see it getting mentioned anywhere so I wanted to confirm here.
Template rules When you are building your own abstract function , what&#39;s the general rule for determining the template origin of the general function we are making? Like in this example, its , and another it was , but should it not always be X instead or does it depend on the situation   -&gt; ;; produce list with only elements that meet pred      ;; talking about this    ]        [                                                      ]
Dr Racket Language Question Previously I could switch between intermediate language and advanced language, but now I no ger can.
2021 W2 final practice exam Hi, I know that three new practice exams were added, but when I go to check the 2021 W2 F directory, it is  for me. The issue was said to be fixed by Prof Gregor but I can&#39;t see any files in the directory whenever I open it still. Do others have this problem as well?
how to determine what is under a tandem worklist? This is the solution from 2022w1 p3.I have two questions,1. is this type of multiple choice in tandem worklist questions examinable?2. how to determine what is under a -wl? for example, why is the answer for -wl-at-E1 is ?
Do we hav to use an umatlor here? This question from pest 10 uses a umulator in its solution, but do we have to do this? Why can we not jus take the max and min of the list??;;;; Complete the design of the following function.;;;; Your solution MUST BE TAIL RECURSIVE.;; -&gt; Natural;; produce the difference between the max and min integer in the list;; CONSTRAINT: loi0 has at least one element 0 90 5100 14 10000 100 umulator ; 0          ]             [                                          ]]                    
Midterm 2 Problem 3 has been regraded We have regraded midterm 2 problem 3 with a new grader that is more permissive in terms of how the lifted functions are renamed. No grades went down.  On 92 exams the grade went up, usually by 11 or 22 points.Whereas the stepper always uses sequential names starting from xxx_0 , the new grader now considers the renaming to be correct no matter what follows the _.  Some examples of renaming in that problem that now are counted as correct are:bar_1  bar_2bar_0 bar_00For right now, ONLY the handback for exams/2023w1-mt2/mt2-p3 has been updated.  The midterm-2 report and the through-module-nn reports have not been updated.  This will allow you to compare your old and new scores for midterm 2 problem 3.
Templating Hey there, I was going through Tuesdays lecture notes and ing to reproduce the templates given as part of the lecture doc,I came up with the top template and the bottom one is from the notes, I noticed some differences which I highlighted. I&#39;m just not quite sure what caused those differences.Thanks for any explanations!
Using  vs  to avoid cycles I&#39;m a bit confused on why we chose to use  vs  for solvable-no-revisits. I tried the questions with both forms of umulators and both pass the tests, so why did we have to  over ? Is it because the graph has joins, and only  prevents joins, so we choose ? If so, why would using  also pass the tests for the function?
Lecture Index Bug Hi there,Just wanted to point out a bug in the &#34;Lecture Index&#34; section of the &#34;CPSC 110 Systematic Program Design Links&#34; page. It starts on the actual index of &#39;Lecture 21&#39;. See the pictures below for context.Everything appears to be laid out correctly above!L15 &amp; L22 are not linked and L21 should be the only non-linked lecture as that&#39;s the page we&#39;re currently on.Hope this helps!
Trivial case/Invariant in final exam Will our writing interpretations such as trivial case, reduction step, argument in genrec and invariant in umulator problems being marked? Or we can just write them in a less urate way as g as they can help us solve the problems and we can understand it by ourselves.
lifting locals mt2 p3 2023 I am a little confused about the lifting question on our recent midtermSo this is the definition for the function, then foo  is called. I understand that it calls  and  and thats why they are lifted but I&#39;m not sure what prompts the lifting of . I don&#39;t understand how/where its used in the calling of foo .                                                           ]              ]    ;solution below                ]      
Problem Bank: Replicate-Elm question Hi there, I managed to figure out the solution to this problem but I&#39;m still really confused how its working... This was the code I wrote:  ;; Counter is Natural ; Number of times  will be replicated  ;;                      starting at n and decreasing by 1 each time               ]                  [                                           n                                                    ]]    I honestly put  as the  case of my if expression by sheer curiosity since I knew I couldn&#39;t keep it as lox, otherwise my list would never get shorter and thus I&#39;d have an endless loop.However, I don&#39;t understand how I&#39;m not already stuck in some sort of loop considering my  calse is cons-ing the first element multiple times before I look at the rest of the list. Wouldn&#39;t my list still get bigger and bigger each time I look at the rest of it with all the new elements tagged onto the front of it? I did  to write the examples for my umulator but was really confused how to do it considering my solution was a larger list, rather than a smaller one. And I knew I wasn&#39;t really supposed to use a &#34;result so far&#34; umulator or tail recursion to answer this question. I feel like I&#39;ve suddently forgotten how recursions work and thats whats causing a lot of my trouble lol I&#39;d appreciate any help! Thank you in advance.
2023s-mt2/mt2-p3 agents-of-the-month Hi, I am currently reviewing mt2 exams and I was wondering if I could get a hint for where I&#39;m going wrong with this function design. Here is everything I have so far:;; produce names of agents on given team with missions &gt;= given # of missions                   missions                                                                                                               ]                  [                                            ]                       &#34;RED&#34;]                  [ &#34;BLUE&#34;]]    I think I am particularly confused on how to check if the given team matches the actual team.Thanks!
Extra Practice for LAB 10   ;; rsf is ;  ;; binary number that appeared up to current node  ;; ht-wl is  ; HTrees left to be evaluated                                                                                          ]                  [                                                                                                     ]                  [                    ht-wl                                                                   rsf                                                                 rsf]                       ]                  [                     rsf]]        I tried making question 3 for LAB 10 a tail-recursive. The function runs but I believe there is a simpler  way to write this function. Could anyone give me some advice on doing so? Thank you in advance!
Autograder feedback question What does this mean from autograder?Previously this was asked in the context of lectures but this is from 2019 w2 problem4, is it still a technical error or I have to modify my code?Autograder framework error. application: not a procedure; expected a procedure that can be applied to arguments  given: 
2022w1-f/f-p5 bizz-buzz test thoroughness In my check-expects I included tests with stop number 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 27, but there is still a test thoroughness problem. I&#39;m wondering why there need to be a test with stop number 42 to fulfill the test thoroughness so as to avoid the mistake next time. Thanks!
"Office Hours  Saturday, December 9	11:00-13:00 Are the office hours for Saturday, December 9 11:00-13:00 still running? The link is not working. "
error in Dr Racket I wonder why I always get the same error a few days before the exam :
Is this still a tail-recursive funtion?   ;; result is a Boolean; whether current node-k match given int     result]        [                                       result              ]]    All the recursive functions should be at a tail position to be tail recursive.What about this one here? is it still a tail recursive?This is my solution for umulators-p12
2020 W1 Final problem 4-6 Why there are only graders for 4 to 6 but no staters in 2020 w1 f?
Graphs problem bank 1 ;; Using the following data definition:;;;; a Design a function that consumes a room and a map produces a list of the;;    names of all the rooms reachable from that room.;;;; b Revise your function from  to make it tail recursive. ;;;; =================;; Data Definitions: ;; Room is ;; interp. the room&#39;s name, and list of names of rooms that the exits lead to;; A Map is AN OPAQUE DATA STRUCTURE. OPAQUE means you can&#39;t look inside it.;; THE ONLY THING YOU ARE  ALLOWED TO DO WITH IT IS PASS IT TO GET-ROOM.;;;; The bottom of the file defines a map called ROOMS for this graph:;;;; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/H4.png;;;; But the function you design must work with any map.I worked on this problem and got the function to work, but it turned out that my check-expects were wrong, so I&#39;m a bit confused about the order of traversal through this graph .Initially I had my check-expects like this:  ROOMS               ROOMS              but the actual result produced is: ROOMS               ROOMS              Looking at the graph, it seems that the function would go to A, then B, then C which goes back to B, which then goes to E, then back to A to D, then E and finally F, producing .If anyone could clarify this for me that&#39;ll be great.
Confusion about the tail recursion I m just confused about the difference between tail recursion with umulators and tandem worklists. I am not sure how to distinguish concepts I need to know for the exam.
n-tr-order problem bank graphs NV2 the following is my solution to n-tr-order which is a little different from the given solution. Is my solution valid?    ;; nn-wl is ; node number worklist    ;; fn-for-node adds the un direct subs of n    ;; fn-for-n takes node numbers off one at a time to call fn-for-node  ;;  is ; nodes already  in the tree  ;;  is Number; number of elements to  before adding next to the result  ;; rsf is the result so far; node number added to the list                                    ]                                                 ] ;stop cycles                    [                                                                                           rsf]                    [                                                                                                                                                       ]                                 rsf]                   [                                                                                                                                                   ]]         
2023S Q6 As per my understanding, Q6 from the exam is similar to the problem covered in class for Lecture 22 … however I’m not sure if this is still content that can be tested in the Final or can simply be left out?I also cant seem to ess the handback directory for handed-in solutions for this exam so not even sure if the way that I’m approaching the question is right…
2022 w1 q6 For 2022 w1 q6 final, why does the next-search-states? function exist? it&#39;s not called anywhere  in the file. Also, the solution file uses a function called remove. Would we just be expected to know that a function like that exists?Secondly, how is that we know when making a new search state, the package that gets a gift added to should be at the front of the list of packages?
2022w2 final q1 Hi, i can&#39;t find any solution nor does it have a directory in the autograder for 2022w2-final at all, can someone help me check if i got the terminology correct?f-p1-figure.pdf
No handback directory appearing after submitting 2023s-f problems I handed in the first two problems for 2023s-f practice exam, but I am not seeing the autograder reports in the handback directory. 
why do we use top function name in local function for mulator problem? for umulator, some problem use the function name like fn-for-, and other problems use the function name as the name of top-defined function.For example,               ]                  [                                           n                                                                                        ]]    We used dropn for both original function and locally defined function.What is the difference?
Will Check-Expect order matter for these type of questions? This is the code I have for one of the past 2022 W1 F P2 question:                                                                                              rnr                                                                 lst]     Now this code works as its supposed to and it makes more sense to me than the posted solution.However the order in which the list is made is different as follows but the content is the same. As far as the question is concerned it fulfills the purpose so how would these type of questions be graded if autograder can&#39;t ount for the order of the items in the list?
3 More Practice Finals I just added three more practice finals.Remember that the practice finals are there for practice.  Do not assume that they are exact predictors of any future final.  If one seems easier than average it probably is; the same is  for one that seems harder.The older exams also have older graders that don&#39;t always look for all the same things as newer graders.
Final exam 2022w1-f  Part 2d For part 2d why do we not need a ? Are we using s to prevent cycles? How would you do that.PART 2DThis function must use tail recursion. It consumes a starting node name, adestination node name and produces the first  to the destination if foundor fails otherwise.|# ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34; ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34; ;;supposed to be no ;&#34;yes&#34; or &#34;no&#34;    ;a natural number, 0, 1, 2...
22 w1 final worklist I&#39;m wondering how to decide if we need a worklist or not. My understanding is that a worklist is needed when :  it must be a tail recursion  it must go through every single node in the tree.  but not sure if this is correctAlso, 2 worklists only apply to problems with a tandem worklist right?Finally, does  beg to rsf?Thanks!!
problem bank graphs P3 the following is my solution for the starter file:    ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                  r]                  [  ]                  [                                                          ]                                 ]                  [                    map ]                                                                        ]]        the only different in between this and the given solution is the order of cond question-answer pairs. The solution has put [  ]before [ r]My solution is running and passing tests. How does changing this order affect the function?
wifi during lecture Hello, I had some wifi issues during yesterday&#39;s morning lecture, and I know many people did as well. Is there anything that can be done about this? I am just frustrated because I was able to get the few first clickers, but then I was unable to connect. 
Order of arguments in the signature For this problem and similar ones, does the order of arguments in the signature matter?;; Design a function that consumes a Person and a String. The function;; should search the entire tree looking for a person with the given ;; name. If found the function should produce the person&#39;s age. If not ;; found the function should produce .Would it be wrong to put String Person instead? 
Unable to submit to autograder Hi, for some reason, I can&#39;t submit any of my solutions for the 2020 W1 and W2 finals. It says the assignment tag is wrong, and I haven&#39;t modified anything.
Autograder feedback for 2022 f p5 Hi, what does this feedback from the autograder mean? 
2021 w1 f p6 Why is the 1st agument of the third argument of the overall signature necessarily a Natural and not a variable/represented as a letter like the rest? Couldn&#39;t it also technically be an Integer or a Number?              Y Z Stuff -&gt; X                                                                      b1]                  [                                           ]                       b2]                  [                   ]]    
The wifi is out again It is extremely frustrating that a top 50 university cannot keep its internet stable. I am ing to study for the Cpsc exam and with the internet cutting out as often as it is this is becoming impossible to do work. I don’t think the final will be fair under these conditions if this keeps up, can we find some compromise?
2022 w1 final q2 This is solution for 2022 w1 final q2                                                 lst2                        lst1                    lst2]    what&#39;s the point of merge-keep-last when it&#39;s not used anywhere in the function?
Should we put signature and template origin for search&#39;s helper? Literally, in L16&#39;s starters, there are always @signature and @template-origin for every single helper.1. Should we put it in the actual exam? or can we just  it?2. also, does making a helper outside of the local e my grade in the final exam? ;;           ;; Produce a list of up to two valid next positions           ;;                       
2019 W1F Problem 7 For problem 7 I was wondering why this function is still considered tail-recursive              ]                  [                                              ]                      2]                           [ 1]                           [                                                             1                                2]]as it is similar to -catch where the question in the cond cases have recursive calls, and in class, it was said that -catch makes a function non-tail recursive for that reason.
Lab 11 P2 check-expect I have the following check-expect for problem 2: &#34;WOW Tasty Food Delivery&#34;              When I run, I get the following error:Check failures:        check-expect encountered the following error instead of the expected value, .    :: first argument of equality cannot be a function, given  ...  ...   ...  and in lab-11-starter.rkt, line 217, column 0 caused by expression in lab-11-starter.rkt, line 217, column 0Looking at the graph, my  is right. I tried check-expects with different locations and ger s too, but all of them give the same error message . Both links that indicate where the error is and what caused the error directed me to my check-expect. None of the TAs could explain what this error is, so I thought I&#39;d post this here to get some ideas.------------EDIT: thx for the reminder, below is my function and my explanation, pls corrrect me if there&#39;s anything I misunderstood that caused the error above:So what I did was I had two umulators, one to keep track of the  I would take to reach the destination  and one to keep track of the venues  .Starting with fn-for-venue, if the venue name is the same as the given venue, it would produce the tw . If the given venue is in the list of  venues, it would produce  since we&#39;ve gone there already. Otherwise we&#39;d pass the listof Streetway to fn-for-.For fn-for-, if the listof Streetway is , we will produce  because there is no way to get to the destination. Otherwise, I have a locally defined  that takes the first of listof Streetway, the combination of the  needed to get to the destination &#43; the name of the first streetway, and the  venues and performs fn-for-sw on those parameters. If the result of  is , then produce that result. If not, then I self-recurse with the rest of the streetways and do it again.Finally for fn-for-sw, it goes through what fn-for-venue does, but this time with the destination , the  it takes to get to that destination, and the venues .  ;;base case: destination reached right away  ;;reduction: goes on to the next venue  ;;argument: finite number of venues in a tw, will eventually reach trivial              ;;tw is ; list of streetway needed to get to            ;;                             destination            ;; is ; list of venue that&#39;s already              str tw]                  [ ]                  [                                                  tw                               ]                                 ]                  [                                                                                                   ]                                                                                                            tw                                     ]                       tw ]  
2022 W1 Final P3 For q3 in 2022 final, why is the below answer ?;; each -at answer must be a list of node names &#34;A&#34;, &#34;B&#34; etc.It asks us to find the  value when calling fn-for-node with G. Fn-for-node is tail-recursive and ording to the problem: &#34;uses the  umulator to stop at cycles, even though it has a  umulator it proceeds at joins.&#34; Shouldn&#39;t the  value at G also include some nodes twice since it proceeds at joins? Why isn&#39;t the answer like this?
Lecture 21 starter I submitted my lecture starter for lecture 21 and got 100 on that day but when I checked it again the final grade was 0% and it says because I changed the signature tab. I think Gregor said during the lecture that the starters for this lecture won&#39;t count but I want to ask again to make sure. 
Graphs P3 - Problem Bank I am ing to understand the way this map will traverse through the subs for tree we always look from left to the right but here i did the same but with the map it traverses right branch first then the left, is there any we can know while we are doing the example which  the graph/ map take first? here is the picture and the code below ;; Using the following data definition, design a function that consumes a room;; and a room name and tries to find a room with the given name starting at the;; given room. Your function should be tail recursive.;; =================;; Data Definitions: ;; Room is ;; interp. the room&#39;s name, and list of names of rooms that the exits lead to;; A Map is AN OPAQUE DATA STRUCTURE. OPAQUE means you can&#39;t look inside it.;; THE ONLY THING YOU ARE ALLOWED TO DO WITH IT IS PASS IT TO LOOKUP-ROOM.;;;; The bottom of the file defines a map called ROOMS for this graph:;;;; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/H4.png;;;; But the function you design must work for any map.;;;; produce the room with the given name,  if otherwise &#34;F&#34; ROOMS               &#34;B&#34; ROOMS               &#34;E&#34; ROOMS               &#34;A&#34; ROOMS                ;; togo is ;   worklist umulator of room names  ;;  is ; names of rooms already  in the tr                rn r]                  [  ]                  [                    togo                                ]                     ]            [              map                                                    ]];; Consider this to be a primitive function that comes with the data definitions;; and that given a room name it produces the corresponding room.  Because;; this consumes a string and generates a room calling it will amount to a;; generative step in a recursion through a graph of rooms.;; You should not edit this function, but you can experiment with it to see how;; it works.;;;;            ]                                        &#34;
m11-out-of-order, which part of code prevents joins? Hi! I&#39;m still a little confused about cycles and joins and using  vs  umulator to prevent them. For the first-out-of-order function we did on Tuesday, I&#39;m not exactly sure which line in the code prevents joins. I understand that the  line prevents cycles, but where in the code does it prevent joins, such as the one that is possible in this graph:   ;; nn-wl is ;   worklist of node numbers  ;;  is   ;; Numbers of nodes already  in the tr.  is always  ;; the previous node&#39;s number which implies  is never                                                       ]               ]                    [ num]                    [                      n]                                 ]                   [                                                                                   ]]    ;; must start at fn-for-n to satisfy  invariant                     
UNION IN GRAPHS -PROBLEM BANK GRAPHS-P1 Are we supposed to make functions like union? And how are supposed to know for example a graph follows one route over the other  ROOMS               where it could be ;; =================;; Functions:;; produce names of rooms reachable from the given room ROOMS               ROOMS               ROOMS              ;; ordinary recursion:#;  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                                                 ]                  [                    map                            ]                       l2]                  [ l1]                  [                                                                             l2]]    ;; tail recursive version:  ;; rn-wl is ;   worklist umulator of room names  ;;  is ; names of rooms already  in the tr                                                  rn-wl                                                    ]                   [                    map                                                                ]]     
clarification on tail recursion I just wanted to clarify if I had a function like             ]  The entire function is tail recursive because there are no recursive calls to hello? and the local and cond are both in tail position also because there are no more expressions surrounding them?
NQueens ;; Position is Natural;; interp. positions on the board;;         if    N is the number of queens;;         then   is the number of positions on the board;;         so    this number should be in [0,  1]        ;upper left corner of board ;lower left corner of 4x4 boardLooking at P2, it says that the lower left corner of a 4x4 board would be 15, but i cant seem to make a board with 0 in the top left and 15 in the bottom left work in my data analysis. I added my understanding of what a 4x4 board should look like, but it doesn&#39;t align with P2. Is this an error in the data definition? Screenshot_2023-12-07_at_8.28.54_PM.png
2022w1-f p3 I just want to confirm that questions similar to this one about -wl won&#39;t be on the final exam since they are part of tandem-wl?If this is not , then I am wondering why my answer:is wrong compared to the correct answer:I am aware that every element in the outside list needs to be a list, but I&#39;m not exactly sure what each inside list would contain.
Do you need a termination argument when traversing a graph? Since functions for graphs have a generative step in the call to the lookup function, do you need to write a termination argument for them as well?
Question about template-origin I was solving problem bank questions for abstraction and in some solutions, the template origin only includes use-abstract-fn; in others, it also has the other inputs of the function. How do we know when we have to use only use-abstract-fn vs the other inputs ?
Final Exam Office Hours Zoom sessions can also be joined via the Zoom tab in Canvas. All times listed are in Pacific Standard Time .TADayTimeLocation/LinkAshtan and SarahFriday, December 810:00-12:00DLC  Table 3Edward and IsabelFriday, December 812:00-14:00DLC  Table 3 and Zoom:https://ubc.zoom.us/j/61558450018?pwd=a2FDZkwxZmRmeXpVWWlFNW1qNm44Zz09Linh and SamrathFriday, December 814:00-16:00DLC  Table 3Sean and TheresaFriday, December 816:00-18:00DLC  Table 3 and Zoom:https://ubc.zoom.us/j/61685219208?pwd=OFQ3Y1dHYlFxVGEvaUI2UGJFbno5dz09 Abby and JiayinSaturday, December 909:00-11:00DLC  Table 3 and Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/69488043630?pwd=UDRVR2tsMTlLZGtrdU82TmhxbEZKUT09Isabel and MarkSaturday, December 911:00-13:00DLC  Table 3 and https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Muhammad and MuslimSaturday, December 913:00-15:00DLC  Table 3 and Zoomhttps://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Anrui and ShashwatSaturday, December 915:00-17:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Blasius and MartinSaturday, December 917:00-19:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09David F and TanyaSaturday, December 919:00-21:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Linda and TigheSunday, December 1009:00-11:00DLC  Table 3Abigail and VictorSunday, December 1011:00-13:00DLC  Table 3Jason and YuhengSunday, December 1013:00-15:00DLC  Table 3Sean and ShashwatSunday, December 1015:00-17:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/6746261827?pwd=WElIcmcvNklzZVB5OUxsS1VmejRSUT09Josh and JoySunday, December 1017:00-19:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Caleb and David LSunday, December 1019:00-21:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Sally and SamiMonday, December 1109:00-11:00DLC  Table 3Isabel and KevinMonday, December 1111:00-13:00DLC  Table 3 and https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Jason and TerryMonday, December 1113:00-15:00DLC  Table 3Jade and MinhMonday, December 1115:00-17:00DLC  Table 3 and https://ubc.zoom.us/j/67278667808?pwd=dzF6RzJtVXV3U2dmMmQwYWZ6MGtZZz09Angelina and DennisMonday, December 1117:00-19:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/66367567357?pwd=YjhRQS9UZkNjQWxRbjZiV29qQmlXZz09Nandita and PaulMonday, December 1119:00-21:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Christie and WilliamTuesday, December 1209:00-11:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/61060991949?pwd=Yi9UVEcvMGQvOTFjaGlMbkdxc0M3Zz09Boris and TheresaTuesday, December 1211:00-13:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/61374309443?pwd=TmgyS3JHU1lLZURHOHRCa3pvNVpXUT09Ellen and TerryTuesday, December 1213:00-15:00DLC  Table 4Desmond and GraceTuesday, December 1215:00-17:00DLC  Table 4Pushya and WyattTuesday, December 1217:00-19:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Marius and NanditaTuesday, December 1219:00-21:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Christie and WilliamWednesday, December 1309:00-11:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/61060991949?pwd=Yi9UVEcvMGQvOTFjaGlMbkdxc0M3Zz09Chris and KevinWednesday, December 1311:00-13:00DLC  Table 3Ellen and KathrynWednesday, December 1313:00-15:00DLC  Table 3Marie Samantha and WendyWednesday, December 1317:00-19:00https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09
2019 W1 F I seem to get this error, however when I run my code in the results tab, i runs and gives the correct value.  -&gt; Number;; produce the sum of each element raised to expt p     ]    Edit: NEVER MIND IT WAS @template instead of @template-origin.
Nqueens next-boards function                                                                                    identity ;all positions                                                                bdI&#39;m having a bit of trouble understanding exactly how the next-boards function works. So when given a Board, the function fills all squares with a queen, then it filters out the positions where a queen cannot be, and then uses map to add each possible position into a list?
Tandem Worklists on Final In the lecture today, it was mentioned by Gregor and another student that the tandem worklist module will not be tested on the final. Is this  or did I misunderstand? When looking at the exam instructions, the content section &#34;The exam will cover all material in the course  with the exception of the HtDW module.&#34;  However, the lecture today mentioned that there is an exception for tandem worklists too. Is this ?
lambda on final For the final, do we still have the choice between using lambda or local?
Graph VS Tree Can someone please give me a rundown on the differences between graphs and trees? It was said in last lecture that all trees are graphs but not all graphs are trees, which i don&#39;t quite understand. What is the difference between them and why are all trees graphs but not all graphs are trees? 
wifi problem Hello, as I was attending the class my wifi had some issues which means I wasn&#39;t able to answer a few of the Iclicker questions. What can I do? 
Missed iClicker due to Wifi Issue I had a Wifi issue and was unable to join class until around 20 min in. Should I submit an academic concession form for this or join the afternoon class to make up for the missed iClickers? 
2021 W1 F P-3 ;; ---- find-easiest-increasing--tr ----#|This function must use tail recursion. It consumes a from room name anda to room name. It searches the graph for a  starting at the from room,going to the to room, and where each stairs taken must have at least one moresteps than the previous stairs.  It there is no such  it produces . Otherwise, it finds the  with the fewest number of steps, and for that  it produces the stairs labels on the  starting with the first stairsand ending with the last stairs.|# Above is the given solution.Since it&#39;s a tail recursion, shouldn&#39;t the answer be Yes for the  umulator and worklist?
LECTURE 21 So I changed the solved function to be  , is my alternate code eptable or am i doing something wrong with the design rules? I am getting 88 percent on my autograder feedback;replace ??? with your cwl#| Jump down to problem 1 for more details.|#;; Solve simple square mazes;; Data definitions:;; Maze is ;; interp. a square maze;;         each side length is ;;            means open, can move through this;;           means a wall, cannot move into or through a wall;; v  ;Open ;Wall;; Pos is ;; interp. an x, y position in the maze.;;         0, 0 is upper left.;;         the SIZE of a maze is ;;         a position is only valid for a given maze if:;;            - ;;            - ;;            - there is a  in the given cell;;                         ;in a 5x5 maze: ;upper left ;upper right ;lower left ;lower right#|In the following partially complete function design: - The next-ps function has been updated so to produce all valid   moves chosen from up, down, left, and right of the given position. - ONE set of templates for fn-for-p and fn-for- uses ordinary recursion. - ONE set of templates for fn-for-p and fn-for- uses tail recursion. - Neither set of templates have umulators to prevent cycling.Complete the design of the function below. Note carefully that this function produces a natural if there is a  starting at 0,0 that firstpasses through start, and then passes through end. The natural is the numberof steps from from start to end.  If there is no such  it fails.Start by figuring out what addtional umulator you need and thenchoose normal or tail recursion. Work with the right set of templatesand delete or comment out the others.NOTE THAT WE HAVE PUT A USEFUL DATA DEFINITION AND A HELPER FUNCTIONCALLED distance-add1 in for you.|#;; if can start at 0,0, reach start, and then end, produce distance between them;; CONSTRAINT maze has a  at least in the upper left  3  #f  8  2  11               ;; trivial:             ;; reduction:           ;; argument:          ;;  is           ;; every position between 0,0 not including p, on          ;; this  in the DATA           ;; dist is DISTANCE          ;;  before reaching start          ;; number of positions away from start after that                                 ]                  [ ]                  [                                            0                                                           ]                       ]                  [                     dist]                                                                          dist]          ;; trivial:             ;; reduction:           ;; argument:          #|                       ]                  [                    p-wl]                       ]                  [                    ]          |#          ;; Distance is one of:          ;;  -              ;;  - Natural                                  ]                  [ ]                                        ;; Pos -&gt; Boolean                    ;; produce  if pos is at the lower right                                                   ;; Pos -&gt;           ;; produce next possible positions based on maze geome                                          ]                                         ;legal x                                ;legal y                                ;open?                              ;up                                    ;down                             y        ;left                             y    ;right          ;; Maze Pos -&gt; Boolean          ;; produce contents of maze at location p          ;; assume p is within bounds of maze                       ]          
Small cycles in a graph Sorry just need to recall : How are we catching small cycles in mazes or graphs again?
Midterm 2 solutions and finals preparation Hi, I am ing to find the solutions to midterm 2 so I can look over questions I did not do as well on to prepare for the final. However, when I click on the link Gregor posted for ‘draft solutions’ it gives me a ‘Not Found’ URL error. I was wondering if there was a way to view the solutions.Thank you
Worklist Clarification Are worklist umulators only useful in tail recursive functions? Or are they also useful for ordinary recursion?
lecture note 20 Sorry I am ing to understand how it traverses itself to the right using the subs and the  resets back to  again would like someone to explain again, thank you!
same-house-as-parent The following is my solution for problem 1 for same-house-as-parent. I have this check expect which is failing: ;; produce name of every wizard in tree having same house as parent   ;  ;stub umulator            ;;  is String; house of given wizard&#39;s immediate parent                                                                                                         ]                  [                                                ]]    I understand that the check expect is failing because  is initialized to &#34;&#34;, but it is in the same house as its parent. In such a case do I change the check-expect to produce ?
defintions Why can&#39;t functions within local definitions contain tail recursive expressions? Why are they not treated as any other function definition?
Tail recursion It was mentioned that the mutually recursive functions are in tail recursion when the mutually recursive calls and the recursive calls are in tail position. Does this apply to both functions? For example, can one function in mutual reference be in tails recursion while the other is not?
2021w1-f p2 since this is an HTDW problem, problems like this one won&#39;t be on the finals, right?
What happened here?  Hello!I am working on some practice problems and handed one in recentlyHowever, it seems like the autograder does not do anything and gives me a 100 instead of feedbackIs there something wrong with what I handed in or is the autograder for this question just broken?
iClicker Grade Calculations: 2 or 4 lowest grades dropped? I was wondering how many of our lowest iclickers would get dropped at the end of the course. The syllabus says that the 2 lowest iclicker grades get removed, however, Gregor mentioned in a lecture that the 4 lowest iclicker grades would get removed.
Error in function &#34;generate-room&#34; I was ing to run the program and there was an error message in the function &#34;generate-room&#34; given by the starter. I didn&#39;t edit this part of the code
Remove Cooldown for practice exams Is it possible to remove the autograder cooldown for practice exams? As we are approaching the exam, we would like to get in as much practice as possible. The one hour cooldown makes it so , we have to wait a whole hour to submit again and see if we found the mistake. I understand the cooldown for problem sets  but for a practice exam, it may be beneficial to remove or at least reduce the cooldown time .
compound worklist Hello, I just have a question regarding compound worklist umulators. The videos in ed-x go over this but I heard that finals don&#39;t cover these anymore. Should we expect compound worklist? 
Why doesn&#39;t  produce ? Hello! I was just wondering why  produces , as isn&#39;t an  set a member of all sets?
IMPORTANT: Wifi failure consequences The wifi failure this morning puts the morning class in a difficult situation.  They have to take time later in the day to watch the lecture, and they can&#39;t ask questions during the lecture.  This is especially frustrating since IT also messed up the Zoom room size the first day of class.So I&#39;m going to make an additional ommodation -- that will apply to both sections:- The first part of today&#39;s lecture, on an alternate way of representing graphs is material everyone needs to learn.  You&#39;ll need it for the problem set, and it will be considered as examinable material.- BUT, tandem worklists will not be on this term&#39;s final exam.  It&#39;s a neat idea though, and the presentation of it in today&#39;s lecture is the simplest we&#39;ve ever done. So if you have time do look at it.
Zoom recording is up The zoom recording for today&#39;s lecture is up.
Problem Set 11 Questions Ask all problem set 11 questions here.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students must not answer other student&#39;s questions about problem sets.Problem 2 does not need to be completed as tandem worklists will not be on the final. @1484 and @1482_f6
when will today&#39;s lecture be posted? When will the 12:30 lecture be posted for students in section 101
edX Video This code is from edX Video Accumulator same-house-as-parent.Problem:In the Harry Potter movies, it is very important which of the four houses awizard is placed in when they are at Hogwarts. This is so important that in most families multiple generations of wizards are all placed in the same family. Design a representation of wizard family trees that includes, for each wizard,their name, the house they were placed in at Hogwarts and their children. Weencourage you to get real information for wizard families from:    http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Main_PageThe reason we do this is that designing programs often involves collectiondomain information from a variety of sources and representing it in the programas constants of some form. So this problem illustrates a fairly common scenario.That said, for reasons having to do entirely with making things fit on thescreen in later videos, we are going to use the following wizard family tree,in which wizards and houses both have 1 letter names. PROBLEM:Design a function that consumes a wizard and produces the names of every wizard in the tree that was placed in the same house as their immediateparent.I kept getting the error... can someone help me understand why I am kept getting error? Thank you!!
Lab 11 No Internet I attended Lab 11 from 3-6 pm on Monday. During that time, there were issues with the internet connection which took almost the first hour of the lab. I was very ce to solving the questions but time ran out. I have seen that some students mentioned this, and you gave a grace period until midnight yesterday. However, I have not checked Piazza until today and did not see that you gave a grace period. Please give me suggestions on what I should do.
Final exam office hour Hi, have the office hour for final exam been decided yet?
Lab 11 content Did lab 11 utilize the content from today&#39;s class? If so, I had the lab yesterday without knowledge of tandem worklists - were we expected to know how to use tandem worklists without having learnt it yet?
Changed my CWL username I&#39;ve just finished my last lab and I can&#39;t do the pset grading due to my changed CWL name.The TA can&#39;t find my handin because I&#39;ve changed the CWL before pset10.The problem is, I submitted my pset10 at 12.3 13:28 before the ddl, and I got a reported grade of 100 in the index of handin. Also, the TA cannot find my pset handing due to my changed CWL . I&#39;ve changed my CWL username before pset10, and after lab9.Is there any method I can get my 0 pset grade back?
MT2 problem 2 I'm looking at the solution and I dont quite understand why  was defined, could someone please explain?I've attached the solution below                                    x]      
Lectures Today - UPDATE It looks like UBC IT has now fixed the wifi problems and things are working again.For Section 101: Please either directly attend the 12:30 pm lecture or watch the recording of that lecture afterwards.  This material is super important, you need it for the problem set and it is examinable.  You will get free clicker points.For Section 102: We will meet as normal at 12:30.I&#39;m really sorry about this problem for section 101.  I feel like UBC IT ruined our first lecture and ruined this next to last lecture.  Their response log on https://status.it.ubc.ca/ makes it clear that after yesterday&#39;s outage they seem to have gone home and not checked till ce to 9 this morning.  You deserve much better.
Today&#39;s 9 30 lecture Hi, tried to join the lecture zoom but due to UBCsecure being down I couldn&#39;t follow what was said in lecture. Is it  that today&#39;s lecture will be recorded for us to watch later and the 9.30-11 am slot is used for office hours?
Problem bank count-rooms starter Hello, I have a question about the solution for this question. For the last check-expect, the function is producing 8 instead of 6. The same thing is happening in my own file . Does anyone know why this is? I thought it was because it&#39;s counting rooms that are a part of the loop twice.  ROOMS 1 ROOMS 6 ROOMS 6;; structural recursion only   ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                                           ]                  [                    m                            ]]     1 Additionally, this is the code that I wrote for the function. 2/3 of my tests pass, and the one that fails has the same issue as the code in the solution file. I was wondering if it would be eptable to write the function this way, as it made more sense to me to do it like this rather than use the abstract functions in the trampoline. If this would not be correct, is this because the umualtor type is  and therefore the encapsulated functions should be producing , and letting the trampoline turn that into a natural?   ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                0                                                                            0]                  [                    m                        ]]    
UBC IT problems again As near as I can tell UBC wireless is down this morning. I will keep ing to start the 930 lecture but it doesn’t look good now. The last update from them was:Our next update will be provided by Tuesday December 5th at 11:00 PTDec 04, 2023 - 16:20 PST
UBC Secure Hello! The UBC Secure network is currently down  and I have the online lecture at 9:30am. If it does not work , could I come to the 11am-12:20pm lecture?
A couple of issues with the lectures page There are a couple of issues with the lecture 22 and 23 pages:The lecture 22 page states, in its &#34;Before Lecture&#34; section:Be sure to work through and review the material from lecture Lecture 20.Which is presumably meant to say and link to Lecture 21.In its &#34;During Lecture&#34; section, the page states:Introduce a new way of representing and traversing graphs. This approach is the same one used in problem set 12 and lab 12.Which is presumably meant to be problem set 11 and lab 11.On the lecture 23 page, the link to lecture 22 on the top bar links to the page for lecture 21 :
template rules for graphs is there any general rules for writing template for graphs? 
Partner for Pset 11? Hey everyone. Does anyone wanna partner up for P-set 11?
Trivial case conceptual Hello there! Snapped this from the lecture last Tuesday, green is Genrec, yellow is Mutual Recursion, purple is Try-catch, and red is Accumulator. Is the reason the green cases are marked as trivial cases because they are potentially the direct results of values we encounter after the reduction? Also, why wouldn&#39;t we consider the solve/ base case  also as a trivial case since it will also potentially be produced at the end of the reduction process ?  Thanks a lot!
Wifi Not Working - Lab I am at Graph Lab and the wifi is not workingUpdate: TA&#39;s can&#39;t do PSet Grading as well as only one TA&#39;s hotspot is workingUpdate: Wifi is now working
Final exam study tips? Hi, I was just wondering about the final exam and how exactly I should study for it, because I feel like theres a lot to cover. What I was thinking is that I should just go over all of the lectures, all of the relevant practice problems, and practice exams, but i believe there are only a few practice exams as well. It would be very helpful if I can get any tips/insight on how other people are studying and what specific plan I should have as well so I feel adequately prepared! Thanks.
cwl tag I just saw the comments on pset that said don&#39;t touch the second set of &#34;???&#34; in the cwl tag if you dont have a partner, but I&#39;ve been deleting them in the past, does that matter?
Search How should one prepare search? I worked on Lab but could not finish PSet09 because of many midterms, assignments, and term papers. Therefore, you might say that I jumped ahead. What are some ways for one to understand and solve these problems? For example, do I want to start the lecture again and attempt to solve this on my own since many of the files also have V1 that has no assistance whatsoever? should i start from the beginning or halfway? And can i practice for graphs before i do for search, or doing search before graphs would be ideal, because ik abit about search but im not very well versed on it.
Gregor&#39;s office hours this week Monday 11-1 ICCS 246Wednesday I will be late unfortunately, maybe 11:30 or even 11:45.  But the room will be open, so just go and start working. I will stay past 1.  ICCS 246Friday 11-1 ICCS 246
Academic concession for labs I'm unwell and might have to submit an academic concession for my lab. I'm just confused about how the g/short grading would work. Would I get marked a 0 and have that effect my problem set grade? Or would that be exempt and will my problem set grade be the autograder grade?I've read through the syllabus and can't seem to find an answer regarding this.
Final Exam For those of us who did poorly on q4 on midterm 1, we had the opportunity to improve our grade by doing better on q5 on midterm 2. I was hoping I could take advantage of this option as I did not do well on q4. Unfortunately, I was sick and unable to write midterm 2. Is there any chance that I could have a similar opportunity on the final exam? Meaning, if I do well on a particular question on the final, I could get my q4 grade from mt1 upgraded? Sorry for the g message! Thank you.
Edx video - worklist tail recursion wizard question I&#39;m wondering for this example, why can you use ph as a parameter? ph is part of the compound data . Don&#39;t you need to write wle-ph to extract ph? In particular, in the code  ph. Note: this code is taken from edx video, worklist example.   ;;  is ; a worklist umulator  ;; rsf  is ; a result so far umulator            ;; WLE  is           ;; interp. a worklist en with the wizard to pass to fn-for-wiz,          ;;         and that wizard&#39;s parent house                                                                                                                                                                       ph                             rsf                            rsf                       rsf]                  [                                                                                                                 rsf]]    
lab solutions? Are we given ess to lab solutions? If so, can someone pls direct me to the link or post that addressed this question? Thank you :
Lecture 21 starter solutions I was reviewing the lecture 21 content and noticed the solutions to the starters weren&#39;t posted. Is it possible to get the solutions posted?
Confused about  vs  umulator Hi! I have tried to rewatch the last lecture recording and wrap my mind around this, but I&#39;m still quite confused. I don&#39;t really understand why we can&#39;t use a  umulator for the solvable-no-revisits function. I remember that we used a  umulator in the lecture on Tuesday for the solve function to avoid cycles in the maze, and I don&#39;t understand how this is different. If we do not want to go through the same position more than once, isn&#39;t this also a cycle? Why can&#39;t we use a  umulator?
triangle-solitaire search problem template blending https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/lectures/lecture-17.htmlI was looking over the triangle solitaire problem&#39;s template blending process.Can someone explain why -catch is used in the solve-bd function as well and why  is used here?Also why is it effective to produce  here instead of bd?
Problem Bank Accumulators P13 Question3 I have been solving this question and am confused on how I check whether the node subs are . I tried using an if expression where it checks if the subs of  is , but that doesn&#39;t work. I have just put the same code as p1 so I don&#39;t get any red errors an a decent score in autograder. Can anyone explain a method to check how if the node subs are .;;;; Complete the design of the all-leaves function below.;;;; You MAY want to complete a structural recursion version of the function;; definition first, test it, then copy that, and systematically convert it;; to tail recursion.;;;; The autograder will be looking for a tail-recursive version.;;;; produce the names of all leaf nodes  in t     ;  ; stub umulator                                      ]                                                               rsf]                  [                     rsf]]        
Gradescope grading for exams I want to know regarding the Gradescope grading system for our exams. After revieiwing the syllabus, I couldn&#39;t find informaiton regarding the percentage weight assigned to Gradescope for the exams. I am curious to know if the style score incorportates the exam grade.If so, does the statement &#34;Students must pass the unweighted average of the three exams &#34; mean that the average of the three exams, INCLUDING the style score, must be equal to or greater than 50%?
lecture recording for Tues Nov 27 missing I noticed that the recording for the Tuesday morning lecture on Nov 27 is missing. I know I could probably watch other videos for different sections, but I wanted to post this just in case.
Confusion on lecture starter  Given this part of the function for lecture21, I just want to clarify that in the fn-for- function, we are not changing both the  and dist function because neither of them change when going through a list of pos? The distance changes as we go through positions, and the  is only added to when we go through a position. Could someone confirm this is the reason?               ]                  [ ]                  [                                            0                         ]                        ]                  [                     dist]                                                                         dist]
Confusion on lecture starter  Given this part of the function for lecture21, if we did not have the distance-add1 function given to us, replacing it with simply add1 would not work right? Because say you were at a point where the maze is not solved, you are not at starting position, then it wont make sense to add1 because you could be at . If this is , what code would we right              ]                  [ ]                  [                                            0                         ]                        ]                  [                     dist]                                                                         dist]
Midterm 2 Seeing as how there was a replacement for question 4 in Midterm 1, is there a possibility of one being there for question 2 or 3 of Midterm 2 in the final exam.
2020W1 F1 P3 define -wl-values     ;at 3                                   ;at 5                                            ;at 7https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/exams/2020W1-F/f-p3-figure.pdfShouldn&#39;t it also be a  for point 7?
Final 2022w1-f P3 problem 3  I am a little confused about how to do the -wl. Figure Link  The questions are  Path-wl at E1-wl at E2-wl at GThe question states: each -wl-at answer must be a list of lists of node names &#34;A&#34;, &#34;B&#34; etc.Ex:  The answers to these questions are below   0%  of   5.6%  x      -wl-at-E1 should be  : incorrect.     0%  of   5.6%  x      -wl-at-E2 should be   : incorrect.     0%  of   5.6%  x      -wl-at-G should be    : incorrect. 
Using Cond?    random-thing]        [                       ]I was solving some questions and wanted to ask if I can use cond in place of ... and if using cond in the place of ... goes against the design recipe.
graph lecture problem 11.30 Hi, I&#39;m confused about whether in the first starter with function solvable-no-revisits?, is it okay to not use tail recursion but the ordinary recursion and -catch? . I ran it and all tests passed but I still feel insecure about using this ordinary recursion.
umulators  3 main types of umulators: context preserving, result so far, and worklist.Could someone give me an example for each type of umulator? or is there a recommended video that talks about all of them at once?
example progression representation during exam I wanted to confirm if it is necessary to provide an example progression for umulators in exam? Will marks be deducted for not showing that?
umulator Hi, so to my understanding, there are 3 main types of umulators: context preserving, result so far and worklist. Both result so far and worklist are involved when working with tail recursive functions. I was wondering where  and  umulator would fit in one of those 3 categories. Are they types of worklist? Thanks!
L19 P4 Hi just curious is it possible to do this without reverse?;; produce list of numbers of all nodes in the given tree      umulator;;;; YOUR SOLUTION MUST BE TAIL RECURSIVE;;; #;  ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees                ;unpack the fields                    ]     ;for convenience               ...                                 ]                  [                     ...]]          ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees  ;;  ;; c-num is  ; the nodes  and recording its number                ;unpack the fields                    ]     ;for convenience                cnum                                 ]                  [                     cnum]]        
lecture slides is it possible to have the lecture slides without any annotation? specially from search onwards
dropn - problem bank My solution to the problem bank problem dropn differs in the way that I have used 2 umulators to solve it while the solution is solving it using one umulator. Is my code still considered fine? Are there any restrictions/ rules about how many umulators to use to solve a problem?The solution is:  ;; : Natural; the number of elements to keep before dropping the next one  ;; rsf: the result so far  ;;  ;;  2  ;outer call  ;;   ;;  2  ; keep   ;;  1  ; keep  ;;  0  ; drop  ;;  2  ; keep  ;;  1  ; keep               ]                  [                                           n                                                                                        ]]     My code is as follows:    ;;  ;;  is Natural; number of elements left before dropping the next element  ;; rsf is  ; list having the result so far  ;;  ;;  2 2   ;;  ;;  2 2   ;;  2 1   ;;  2 0   ;;  2 2   ;;  2 1   ;;  2 0   ;;  2 2   ;;   rsf]        [                                      n0 rsf]]    
Lab 11 Schedule Reminder Due to the term ending on Thursday, December 7, Friday lab students should attend any lab section* on the days below to complete Lab 11.Monday, December 4Tuesday, December 5Wednesday, December 6Thursday, December 7You can find the times and locations of lab sections on the SSC Course Schedule.*Note that this does not include lab sections marked Blocked, as there are no labs running at that time.
Missing Lecture Recording Is there a reason why lecture from Thursday Nov 30 is not uploaded onto canvas? Where can I re-watch this lecture? 
umulator problem bank - replicate elm ;; Design a function that consumes a list of elements and a natural n, and;; produces a list where each element is replicated n times. ;;;;  2 should produce;;  Natural -&gt; ;; produce list where each element is replicated n times  ;;  2  ;outer call   ;;  2  ;;  - replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  1  ;;  - replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  0  ;;  - don&#39;t replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  2  ;;  - replicate &#34;b&#34;  ;;  1  ;;  - replicate &#34;b&#34;  ;;  0  ;;  - don&#39;t replicate &#34;b&#34;  ;;  2  ;;  - replicate &#34;c&#34;  ;;  1  ;;  - replicate &#34;c&#34;  ;;  0  ;;  - don&#39;t replicate &#34;c&#34;Will this be an appropriate example and interpretation on progression of recursive calls? I am very confused about writing out the progression.   ;; : Natural; the number of times  will be replicated  ;;  2  ;outer call  ;;  ;;  2 ;replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  1 ;replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  0 ;don&#39;t replicate &#34;a&#34;  ;;  2 ;...  ;;  1  ;;  0   ;;  2  ;;  1  ;;  0 This is the example provided in the solution. Thanks in advance. 
Trust the Natural Recursion IMG_0238.jpgCredits to whoever did Poster 97
Tail recursion and ordinary recursion I understand that tail-recursion with  umulators detects joins and cycles while ordinary recursion with   detects only cycles.  When deciding which type of recursion to use, we have to consider what the function is going to do. However, I was hoping there were some more exact ways to decide on which recursion to use. Can anyone elaborate on distinguishing these two recursions?
Lecture Recording  The recording for the lecture on December 30, 2023, hasn&#39;t been uploaded yet. I&#39;m curious about the expected availability of the recording, since I wanted to review a few concepts.
average-tr-starter Hi, I'm wondering for the average-tr-starter.rkt question from the problem bank since there is the use of 2 umulators, is the cnt umulator a context preserving umulator and the sum umulator the result so far umulator?Thanks!
Lecture 23 Will there be a lecture 23 next Thursday? Or will Tuesday be the last official class .
questions on template-origin from problem bank/graphs-p2 Would there be any reason why these two template-origins differ? Why would encapsulated be removed for tail recursive template?#;  ;;  is ; context preserving umulator, names of rooms                                                                                                      ]                  [                    m                          ]]    #;  ;; rn-wl is ;   worklist umulator of room names  ;;  is ; names of rooms already  in the tr                                                 rn-wl                                                     ]                  [                    m                                                                ]]      
tail recursive function? all the recursive and mutual recursive functions should at the tail position to make the function tail recursivedoes not mean that all the tail positions should be recursive functions ... right? I just wanted to make sure.For example,                                                                                        r ;is this still a tail recursive?                     rn-wl                                 
Accumulator Question I am confused on why in the function def for fn-for-lot, it is calling for vnum. Is it because by calling fn-for-lot using number in fn-for-t, we associated the number value with the vnum value for that specific node?   ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees  ;; vnum is Integer; node number of most recently VISITED node  ;; **  means in the dynamic flow of the tail recursion **  ;; ** not in the static structure of the tree                 **                ;unpack the fields                    ]   ;for convenience                                 number                                                   ]                  [                     vnum]]      ;HERE!!!!                                 
I am still confused what is a tandem worklist? After today's lecture, I still cannot figure out what a tandem worklist looks like and the difference between a tandem worklist and a usual one. An example would be great.
catching up with the course HelloI had been sick and could not keep up with the course, currently I feel like I am not understanding what&#39;s going on in the lectures. What would be the best strategy to cover up and get back on track, considering the time constraint?
Try-catch tail recursion Just to confirm, is the reason why -catch is not tail recursive is because the recursion is in the question statement? Thanks!
Context preserving umulator in tail recursion? Is it possible to use a context-preserving umulator and a result-so-far umulator when designing a tail recursive function? Or would both umulators have to be result-so-far? . 
Problem Set 10 Questions Ask all problem set 10 questions here.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students must not answer other student&#39;s questions about problem sets.Thanks
missed lab due to illness Hi there,I recently had to miss a lab due to illness.I am currently ing to work through the lab 10 I missed but I am denied of SPD handin?Is there anyway to be autograded at least to see whether I had been doing my lab correctly? I have already submitted an academic concession form, I know this lab grade will not be counted. I would just like some feedback on the work I have done. Thanks.
do we have problem set 10 question post? do we have a problem set 10 question post?I cannot see it.Or, can we just ask in &#39;Update to problem set 10&#39;?my question is, is it not tail recursive if I use &#39;if&#39; in the &#39;s part??
Challenge exam: possible idental deregistration I&#39;ve registered for the challenge exam, but it has not shown up on my Upcoming Exams page in the CWL webpage, and SPD handin no ger epts my username. I&#39;m concerned I was somehow deregistered. Is there a way to tell if I am registered?Note: earlier I made this post, but it was market private because it mentioned my username, so noone can see it I think.If an instructor answers, I can give them my username by email if needed.troubleshooting info: I&#39;ve configured DR. Racket, watched the videos , I paid the fee and did the survey . Thanks!
Graph lecture starter confusion I&#39;m a bit confused of how the solve function works for mazes such as M7 . What if p takes the downwards route into the available &#34;circle&#34; , instead to the right? Even thought the right  works, wouldn&#39;t the function produce  since it loops in a circle in the bottom , and the trivial case would produce  in that scenario?  In the check expect, the solve function does produce a                ;; trivial:             ;; reduction:           ;; argument:                                     ]                  [ ]                  [                    ]                       ]                  [                    ]                                                                        ]                              ;; Pos -&gt; Boolean                    ;; produce  if pos is at the lower right                                                   ;; Pos -&gt;           ;; produce next possible positions based on maze geome                                          ]                                         ;legal x                                ;legal y                                ;open?                              ;up                                    ;down                             y        ;left                             y    ;right          ;; Maze Pos -&gt; Boolean          ;; produce contents of maze at location p          ;; assume p is within bounds of maze                       ]         
Suggestions for the exams Hi,I am writing to bring to your attention some concerns and suggestions regarding the recent issues with exam submissions and grading. It has come to my attention that some students encountered problems with submission, resulting in a score of 0 for certain questions.To address this issue and enhance the overall exam experience, I would like to suggest some solutions:1: Establish a Submission Tracking Platform: I propose the creation of a website or platform that allows students to review the submission count, status, and timestamp of their last submission  for each question. In the high-pressure environment of exams, students should be able to focus their attention entirely on answering questions, without the added worry of whether their submissions were successfully recorded or if they indeed submitted their answers. This platform would alleviate unnecessary stress and ensure transparency in the submission process.2: Consider Remediation for Missed Submissions: For students facing submission issues, is there a possibility of remediation? Could points be recovered through similar questions in subsequent exams? Students encountering these issues do not necessarily lack understanding of the material, and exams may not always provide a fair representation of each student&#39;s  level of proficiency.In addition, I would like to discuss about exam gradingReevaluate Grading for Code Errors:In this course, when students encounter code errors during exams, it often results in a score of 0 or a low score. This approach may inadvertently discourage students from attempting questions outside their comfort zone, as the likelihood of encountering errors is higher. The effort invested does not seem to correlate proportionally with the rewards obtained. This approach appears to contradict the educational phiophy of encouraging students to explore, learn from mistakes, and grow. Could there be a reconsideration of this grading approach to better encourage learning and growth through trial and error?Thank you for taking the time to consider these suggestions. I am eager to hear your thoughts on the proposed ideas and potential solutions. Your feedback is highly valuable.
HTDW in final exam Hello, I just want to confirm that the HTDW module is not covered in the final exam, or if this statement below on the syllabus is vestigial from previous years.Final Exam: December 11-22, date and time TBAWill cover all material in the course  with the exception of the HtDW module.
dropn - problem bank Hi all,In the problem bank, the solution to the starter file &#39;dropn-starter.rkt&#39;  is different to what I have got, however, I don&#39;t know if my solution abides by the principle of preserving the type of the umulator:The solution for this file is as follows:  ;; : Natural; the number of elements to keep before dropping the next one  ;;  2  ;outer call  ;;   ;;  2  ; keep   ;;  1  ; keep  ;;  0  ; drop  ;;  2  ; keep  ;;  1  ; keep               ]                  [                                           n                                                                                        ]]    However, my solution approaches this problem in a different manner, by incrementing the umulator until it reaches n:               ]                  [                                           0                                                     ]]    Would this solution still be considered fine?
More than one umulator? It has recently been kind of brought to my attention that you can use more than one umulator for designing functions... In what cases would we need to use  2, 3 or even 5 umulators?
Lecture 20 - Need some guidance Hello, I have been working on m11-maze-4-way--starter for a while now, and auto-grader kept returning me the same errors, I believe that I am stuck and I would like some help with my logic.For problem 2, the autograder gave me the following:````     0%  of   3.6%  x      result type: incorrect. ...     0%  of   1.8%  x      find-/p - cond questions intact: incorrect. ````For the result type, ~~since the function purpose stated that it `producesthe list of positions from 0,0 to lower right if a maze is solvable;or fails if the maze is not solvable.` \ The result type should be \` or ` \However, the autograder gave me an incorrect for some reason, and for that I am confused.~~##### Edit: turned out I made a mistake, the Data definition for position is `Pos` and not `Position`.\For the find-/p, ~~It is essentially the same code for problem one, other than the name change and the trivial answer. I have changed the failing condition from one of the conds expressions back to an if expression in the  cond, and back again. Yet both approaches did not satisfy the autograder.~~##### Edit: Gregor said we should ignore it and compare our answer with the solution file\I would like someone to share some key insights into this, as I am very confused right now.Thank you!
pset 11 grading According to the schedule, this week&#39;s lab will be assessment on pset9 and next week&#39;s lab  would be assessing pset10 if we continue the pattern. What will happen to pset 11?
Binary Tree Issue I&#39;ve been considering this problem for a while now and I&#39;m pretty stumped. Does anyone have any thoughts?
Join How come a a regular structural recursion cannot have a join? If i&#39;m understanding it right, it when two s end up at the same node. But isn&#39;t that what happend in the original maze? We had to ways of getting the same spot, right then down, or down then right, both end up in the same spot? 
Visited vs. Path umulator Hi, I was still a little confused about the difference between  umulator and  umulator after today&#39;s lecture. My understanding is that  umulator will produce the  it follows to a certain node and  is every node that we got to before coming to the node, but are the two essentially the same for tail recursion?  It would be great if someone can clarify that for me.
Do we have to hand in m11-maze-4-way- starter files for today? Do we have to work on it on our own and hand it in?
Midterm 2 Regrade Requests Regrade requests are now open until 11:59 PM on Friday, December 1. You must submit your regrade request before the deadline through Gradescope. How to View Your Exam in Gradescope Go to http://www.gradescope.ca .Sign in using your CWL@student.ubc.ca email address and the password you created for Gradescope after Midterm 1. If you did not ess your exam in Gradescope after Midterm 1, please follow the instructions in @841.  When is a Regrade Request Appropriate? A regrade request is only appropriate if your exam was mis-graded ording to the rubric. Your regrade request needs to explain clearly how your answer is correct ording to the rubric. In order to do this, you must read the rubric in your autograder report carefully, read the posted sample solution carefully, and read your submission carefully. If after reviewing these three things you can clearly explain why your answer is correct ording to the rubric, then please submit a regrade request.    Please note that: A regrade request is not an opportunity for you to explain why you answered the way you did. A regrade request is not an opportunity to ask us to explain why your answer is incorrect.A regrade request is not appropriate if you disagree with the rubric, dislike the rubric, or otherwise think the rubric unfair.We reserve the right to regrade your full exam, not only the problem for which you are requesting a regrade. Any regrade request that does not comply with these instructions will be denied without a written reply.
UBC WIS Event 
Lecture Notes Hey I was wondering if we could find today&#39;s lecture anywhere to review 
iClicker Tree 
No more music before lectures? That was my favourite part :
Do we need to watch Worklist Accumulators 2 on edx? Just to confirm that we don&#39;t need to watch Worklist Accumulators 2 on edx?
Confirming how labs are graded Hi, I am wondering if my lab grade is directly correlated to what I receive on the autograder for it? Eg. I get 100% on autograder, does this mean I get 100% for that lab no matter what?Also, is there a way to check my grades for each lab and problem set so I can see where I am at?Thanks for your help :
Confused about solution to pset9 Hi! I struggled a lot with pset 9 and am ing to figure out the solution. I&#39;m confused about all the check-satisfied tests that were included. I checked the help desk and it says that check-satisfied &#34;Checks that the first expression satisfies the named predicate &#34;. Does that mean we are checking whether it is satisfying the  function right after it? I&#39;m also quite confused about the  function itself. Is it creating one possible valid assignment that matches what was given to the function? For instance, in the following example, is  ing to form one possible assignment for for the list of slots and list of TAs it was given?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      pairs
Confused about problem 5 for m10-tr-trees-starter Hi! I&#39;m having trouble wrapping my mind around this function for problem 5, specifically right when ... comes in. I&#39;m not even sure how to word my confusion, but I&#39;ve run through the function with the example TOP1 and it works out, but I&#39;m not sure how I could have deduced this by myself. How do I know that if subs is  to give the fn-for-lot function t-wl instead of ? I had to go through a whole example to kind of &#34;double check&#34; that the function in fact works, but I&#39;m really struggling with actually being able to write out the function. :;; produce list of all leaf nodes in the given tree      L1 L2 L3 ;it has leaves 100, L1, L2, L3 umulator  ;; t-wl is ; worklist of Trees to visit  ;;                        un direct subs of  trees  ;; rsf is ; leaf trees  before t  ;; **  means in the dynamic flow of the tail recursion **  ;; ** not in the static structure of the tree                 **              ]                                                           rsf                                 ]                  [                     rsf]]        
"Grading Policies regarding final I am a little confused about how the final plays into passing this course. I saw in the syllabus that ""Students must pass the unweighted average of the three exams  to pass the course. Any student who fails the unweighted average of these three exams will receive a grade of no higher than 45% for the course.""but I've also heard from students from previous years that you must receive a passing grade on the final exam  in order to pass the course. So is it that  / 3 >= 50% must be  and that we must receive >= 50% on the final or is it just the policy listed in the syllabus?"
Update to Problem Set 10 I&#39;ve pushed a new version of problem set 10 and the problem set 10 grader.Each of these comments out problem 5, which your are not yet ready to solve this term.  You don&#39;t have to download the new starter if you don&#39;t want to, just ignore problem 5.
What is a tandem worklist problem? In problem set 10, problem 5 is commented to be a tandem worklist problem. I don&#39;t recall hearing about this classification on Edx or lecture. Could someone briefly explain the characteristics of such a problem or which module its found in. Thanks.
I cannot ess gradescope I followed the instructions mentioned in the regrade request post but I got an email saying that there is no gradescope ount connected with my cwl email. I tried using both my cwl and UBC cs email addresses. Please help!
Checking for  list For this problem, why didn&#39;t we check if  is ?;; produce  if every num is greater than all nodes above it      umulator ;   ;; parent is Integer  ;; INVARIANT: Key value of the immediate parent of the node                                   ]                                                                                                    ]                  [                    parent                         parent]]                Like this:;; produce  if every num is greater than all nodes above it      umulator ;   ;; parent is Integer  ;; INVARIANT: Key value of the immediate parent of the node                                   ]                                                                                                    ]                  [                    parent                         parent]]                         
Extra Office Hours For the next two weeks I will add office hours Monday 11-1.  I will keep my regular W/F 11-1 hours.I don&#39;t have a room yet for the Monday hours, I&#39;ll  to get one tomorrow.  If I can&#39;t get one I&#39;ll use my office ICCS 311 tomorrow, but I&#39;m sure we&#39;ll be able to find something better.  I will edit this message if I do get a room, or go to ICCS 311 and look for a note there.In the lead up to the final myself and the TAs will have additional office hours.
Cannot connect to the server to handin I have been having this issue all day but did not realize it would also affect my submissions. I can&#39;t load any of the cs110 links, such as the design recipes, and now, when I  to hand in on Racket, I can&#39;t connect to the server. I&#39;ve checked with some other friends, and they were able to connect fine, so I&#39;m unsure what to do.
1 starter I was watching the edX module on context-based umulators and attempted the starter. Despite my attempt resembling almost exactly what the solution in the video did, Dr.Racket comes up with the error attached below. How come?
Partner Question I submitted twice the pset 9 with 0 mark before I decided to do this pset with a partner. After these two attempts with only my cwl, I submitted this pset with my cwl and my partner&#39;s cwl. Does it matter with my first two attempts with only my cwl?  
Question about fn-composition  I was wondering if a fn-composition has to have the outer functions be single parameter functions, because if that is , would the following not be a fn-composition? I see that their are consecutive operations being performed   but it doesn&#39;t really match the form provided in the design recipes page where the inner function only has one operand in its call   
Pset9 link not working I tried to download the file for problem set 9 from edex but it just takes me to a untitled tab. Is there any way to fix this right now??
Pset as a practice I want to work on my pset as practice after the deadline. Is it okay to submit it to autograder after the deadline?
Lab 9 Concession Hi, I applied for concession for Lab 9: Search last weekend and have yet to receive any notice on whether my application was epted. I had a conflict due to a Chemis 121 Midterm scheduled during my lab session and would like to know if there is any way for me to know that my application was epted, as it is quite stressful not hearing anything back for so g. 
Alternate solution to umulater 2 starter? I tried same-house-as-parent and I found another solution to the count problem? My tests pass, so is this okay to do or no? Please explain what&#39;s going on! Thank you!;; Wizard is ;; interp. string of 1 letter for name;;         house string either &#34;G&#34; &#34;S&#34; &#34;H&#34; &#34;R&#34;;;         children in a list  ;;  is Natural; num of wizards so far  ;;   ;;   ;;   ;;                                       ]                  [                     ]]    
Problem Set 9 Hint Here&#39;s a suggestion about problem set 9.Notice that Sudoku is a search problem in which you start with 81 slots to fill .Those slots get filled with 81 fillers, which are the integers 1-9, repeated 9 times each.There are some specific rules about how the fillers can be used.In other words, Sudoku and the TA solver are quite similar problems.Also note that the arguments given to the top-level function don&#39;t have to be the same data that represent each node in the tree.  In the maze solver for example the tree is made of positions, even though the top-level argument is a maze.  The tree is a tree of the changing information for the problem.
programming contest  check-expect ;; produce list of sets of problem that can win the competition                      This is the solution to the programming-contest starter file. Why do the check-expects have one parameter while the signature has two?
pre-lecture work going forward As you will have seen, there is no more edX content that we will be working with.  At this point in the course the new material is too different from the edX content for the edX content to be helpful.So from this point the pre-lecture work will always be to carefully review and work through the previous lecture&#39;s material. This will mean you have less material to work on pre-lecture; but the material is more challenging, so be sure to allocate plenty of time for it.I will post updated lecture pages, but the above is what they will say for pre-lecture.Have a good weekend.
Lab 9 Autograder Feedback I received an exemption from lab 9, but I recently completed it for practice. But I was not able to receive any autograder feedback, with the message &#34;cwl may not submit assignment labs/lab-09.&#34;Is it possible for me to receive autograder feedback?
Unknown Error, not in my code, PSet 9 Unknown Error, not in my code, PSet 9Hello,I submitted my code to the autograder and it gave me a weird message that I had never seen before: 0%  of   100%  x  Error evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:1:0: lambda: found a lambda that is not a function definition  in:    pairs  I tried looking in my code for this lambda or even anything that resembles this code, but I came out with nothing. How do i get pasted this error so my code can be graded?
Error in m10-tr-trees-starter-4.rkt solution The solution for question 2 says that the trampoline should say:How can the initial worklist be ? Also wouldn’t we just be passing in ? 
What does left to right sorted mean?                                 I made a new data example of a tree as above.   ;this test failedI thought this should also produce  because its every left element is smaller than the right element.                    5            6       &lt;      7           100      &lt;     101is it just that everything on the left should be smaller than everything on the right?
L1N Black Duffle Bag Left in X260 Hello everyone,We found a black Adidas duffle bag in the that was left in X260 after L1N this morning, I will be taking it to the CS office so you can claim it there.Thanks,L1N TAs
Accumulator Trees Q2 purpose The purpose for question 2 in m10-tr-trees-starter-4.rkt is “;; produce tree w/given number ”We aren’t given a number to compare the tree’s node-number to? Is there a mistake in the purpose? 
Lecture 19 autograder feedback question Hi,I keep receiving this feedback from the autograder for problems 3, 4, and 5 in lecture 190%  of   1.3%  x       fn-for-lot - cond questions intact: incorrect.I looked through the solution, and it looks identical to what I have written down. Just wondering if there is something I am missing?
Confusion about worklist umulators Hello, I&#39;m a bit confused on what the term &#34;worklist umualtor&#34; means after watching the EdX videos. To me it seems to just be a context-preserving umulator, but instead it is being used in a tree rather than a list. Is this the right idea, or am I missing something? Thanks!edit: nevermind, figured it out!
CPSC 121 Miderm conflict with lecture and iclickers Regrettably, I was unable to attend the lecture today because of the CPSC 121 midterm that took place this morning. As the clicker questions today were formative assessment, I was wondering if it would be possible for me to receive an exemption. 
Tail Recursion edX videos I just added the tail recursion edX videos to the pre-work for lecture 19.  I know lecture 19 has already happened, so you don&#39;t have to do these before that lecture of course! But you may find it useful to watch them now as you review the lecture material.Again, please  to complete the tr-trees-starter.rkt file problems as soon as possible.
For Helper function Do we always need write check-expect for helper function? Are we allowed to  the test for helper function.
Is this still a tail-recursive function?                                                   result                                     &#34;never&#34;]                  [                                        rsf                               result]]This is my code from umulators-p11.My solution differs from the given one and I was wondering if the code above is still  tail recursive?I used if expression for the answer to .Thanks
lecture 19 solution not available im not able to open the lecture 19 solution for second file.
Lecture 19 Starter 2  Problems 4 &amp; 5 All of my lists appear in reverse order. Is there something I missed to get them in the right order?
out of curiosity, top right to bot left tree, umulator Hi,in today&#39;s umulator lecture, we tried to look at the tree from top left to bottom right, I am wondering if it is possible to flip the tree and check it from top right to bottom left
L19 IClicker  Question 5 For todays lecture IClicker questions, Gregor said that we weren’t doing the last one  and just explained it to us, therefore I did not respond on IClicker since he said we were not doing it. Because I had no response and the clicker still ran, I t a point for todays lecture. Can this be fixed?
Accumulator practice question I see that some of the umulator problem bank questions are using Advanced student language. Is there anything in lecture we have yet to learn about ASL to do these problems?
"Tail position in &#34;and&#34; vs &#34;if&#34; ### Context:In edX tail recursion question 4 it says that the **`baz`** function call expression is **in tail position** in:```                    ```Meanwhile, in question 8 it says that the **`all-positive?`** function call expression is **not in tail position** in:```     ]              [                                             ]```### QuestionAs far as I had understood before module 10, `and` has short-circuiting, so `` should be equivalent to ``. However, ording to the edX answers presented above, in the `and` version `` is **not in tail position**, but in the `if` version `` is **in tail position**.This raised some questions in my mind:- Since `` always produces the output of ``, shouldn't `` actually be considered to be in tail position?- If the answer to the first question is ""No"", does this mean that `` and `` are not equivalent when tail calls are taken into ount?- If the answer to the first question is ""No"", does it justify the decision of using `` instead of `` for tail recursive calls?"
Autograder issues? with today&#39;s lecture files I&#39;ve submitted both lecture files for today&#39;s class, but I kept getting two following errors:for reverse-starter 0%  of    25%  x     the supplied signature and check-expects must not be changed: incorrect. to check if I did something wrong, I submitted the file without changing anything, but got the same message.for tr-trees-starterAUTOGRADING GRADE:   100    Autograder framework error. application: not a procedure; expected a procedure that can be applied to arguments  given: I was wondering if I did something wrong, or it&#39;s an issue with the autograderThank you
Hand in Lecture starter file [ m10-reverse-starter.rkt ] 0%  of    25%  x     the supplied signature and check-expects must not be changed: incorrect.Can we just ignore this for this lecture starter file? Thanks!
pre lecture The post lecture for last lecture asked to watch edx upto but not including tail recursion and today&#39;s pre lecture asks us to watch wordlist umulators. are we not supposed to watch tail recursion at all?
pre-lecture Hi for the pre-lecture videos, are we required to watch just the Worklist umulators 1, Part 1 video or all of the Worklist Accumulators 1 parts . I am asking because Worklist umulators 1, Part 1  is very short and I dont want to be under prepared for the clicker. Thanks! Worklist umulators 1, Part 1
will the autograder work for starters in previous modules? A quick question about the autograder for starters:I didn&#39;t do as well as I wanted on mt2, even when I&#39;ve done almost all of the practice mt2 exams in the exam bank. So for the final, I want to use lecture starters as a part of my practice too. I&#39;ve seen posts asking why the autograder isn&#39;t giving them feedback/marks on starters, and the reason was that they submitted them after the 10 pm deadline. If possible, can the autograder be updated to ept starter submissions anytime for the final? Thank you!!!
why n is not included in this umulator template This is a picture from edx .I&#39;m wondering why the parameter n isn&#39;t included in the inner function. Thanks!
Accumulator template-origin doesn&#39;t include encapsulated Why would the template-origin for umulator problems not also use encapsulated?
BST/Search Question Can someone please explain the difference between an Arbarity-arity tree and a Binary Tree to me? I&#39;m having trouble identifying which one applies to particular search problem templates. Why is it that we used arb-tree in the lecture and bin-tree in the lab? I could not find any definitions for arb-tree in the gsary. 
Midterm 2 Problem 7 Hi! I had a lot of trouble understanding this question during the exam and I am ing to understand it now. I don&#39;t fully understand the purpose of the question and a lot of the check-expects. ;; produce min diameter to first cave reachable from c0 with the given gemI tried drawing it out:The first few check-expects make sense to me, however, the C5 &#34;F&#34; one doesn&#39;t make sense to me at all. If we are going from C5 to the nearest cave with &#34;F&#34;, it would be C3. But why is the diameter 40? Why isn&#39;t it the diameter of  P2, which is 80? C5 would need to go through P2 to get to C3 right? 100  100 120 130   40  40  150 100 120 40 
Past final exams I wanted to take a look at the past final exams and see what they look like. I noticed that the most recent 2 finals are missing. Will they be added in the near future? Thanks.
BST search tree problem  Could I have done the bst question from today&#39;s lecture using -catch like this too?Also do we not put encapsulated in the template origin for umulator problems? ;; produce  if bt satisfies binary search tree invariants     ;   ;; lower is Integer;  ;; upper is Integer;               ]                  [                    upper                        lower ]                                                        upper                                                    ]]     
BST starter Lecture 18 Hello, I have been ing to complete the lecture starters from today and am a bit confused as to why my check-expects are failing. Where the expected value is , my function produces , and vice versa. ;; produce  if bt satisfies binary search tree invariants     ;                ]                  [                    upper                         lower                           upper]]    ;; lower is Integer -&gt; key of nearest right branch parent;; upper is Integer -&gt; key of nearest left branch parent 
bst starter from today&#39;s lecture I was a little confused as to why we used negative infinity and positive infinity for the initial values. If someone can clarify that again it would be helpful, thanks!
Sequence question from lecture I do not understand the purpose behind checking if 0 is  at the end? doesn&#39;t the inside function check that anyways?  ;; prev is Natural  ;; invariant: the element of 0 immediately before   ;;   ;;  2    ;;  3  ;;  4  =&gt;             ]             [                     ;exploit                                      ]]    ; preserve                     
sequence starter This line was the stub from today&#39;s starter:  ;delete when you reach the template stageWhy is it necessary to delete the stub from now on? 
Iclicker issue Hi,Today when I checked into the lecture iclicker questions I could not see the questions appearing on my screen. I was able to check in, I was just unable to see the questions appearing on my screen.Today&#39;s clicker questions were freebies too, so I&#39;m just extremely sad that I could not get the marks! After 10 mins or so iclicker showed that I had not click on any of the answers when they simply did not even appear!Is there any way that they could just be given as 100% for everybody that checked in?Thanks!
Writing an umulation/invariant statement for an umulated recursion... #|Accumulation:umulator is where X is a function:Purpose: Produce  if the given input satisfies the inequalityInequality expression is determined by parent node&#39;s valueThis list starts  for the first node Invariant: Each node has a parent node that it descends from           All nodes have an integer valueDiagram:                                                                                                                          - 1 is less than 3 and 5 so it&#39;s                                                       - 6 is larger than 3  but not smaller than 5 - the tree is no ger a binary search tree|#               ] ;; Empty nodes are by default                   [                     umulation                                                                                       ;; Function to be added to umulation                               ;; That checks that a node is below this node val                                                                ]                               ;; Function to be added to umulation                               ;; That checks that a node is above this node val                                                        ;; Check left branch of node                                                             ;; Check right branch of node                       ]          ;; Base Accumulated Recursion                                 ]                  [                    val                        ]]          ;; Natural Recursion through umulated list to check that          ;; the current node value stays within range of valid values        ;; Starts with  umulation since root node has no restrictionsI&#39;m struggling to understand what needs to be covered in the umulation/invariant statement for this kind of function structure. I know the overall approach drifts away from the one done during the lecture and is less efficient .What I&#39;m not sure about is how to properly go about addressing helper functions or such in these types of comments . Do I just include their signature and a short summary of what they are doing? I guess it&#39;s kind of like writing a type comment for a type of function but that&#39;s kind of weird to think about.I understand that invariant is supposed to be a constant known fact that is consistent throughout the whole recursion but I&#39;m struggling to be able to apply that to an actual thing and be able to point it out 
Request to move the iClickers to the end of the course on Thursday  Hi, I am pretty sure that many people will be taking the alternate CPSC121 exam on 8:30a.m Thursday morning. However, this conflicts with the lecture for CPSC110 at 9:30a.m, essentially meaning we&#39;d have to take a zero on the iClicker unless the clicker questions being moved to the end of the course . So I am just wondering if it&#39;s okay to do so?Thanks!
Maze: Binary Tree? Why the Maze problem that was covered during the lecture is an arbitrary arity tree and not a binary tree?Cause as per my understanding of the question, we can either go down or right. So every time there are only two possible trees that can be generated.
Lost glasses Has anyone seen or picked up prescription glasses with black frames on the day of midterm 2? I might have left it just outside the lecture room where we took the exam or left it at the desk after I completed my exam. 
Generative recursion template does not include three-step termination argument The generative recursion template on the design recipes page:   ]        [         ]does not include the comments for the three-part termination argument. I would like to suggest that these are added so that when one looks at the template it is very clear that a termination argument is required each time. Such a change would look like:  ;; Base case:   ;; Reduction Step:   ;; Argument that repeated application of reduction step will eventually reach  ;; the base case:    ]        [         ]I was wondering if this is something that could be added or if there is perhaps a reason it is not there?
extra practice: nqueens missing solution Hi,I was working on the nqueens starter for extra practice on lecture 17.And I found that when I tried downloading the solution, it gave the starter file instead.Thank you
SPD Handin Bug When submitting a file through SPD Handin, if one fails to log in correctly , the popup with the error message shows up, as expected, but once ced, the SPD Handin window will still state &#34;Handin Successful.&#34;, despite that not being the case. The expected behaviour would be the same as errors with the file where the error message is shown both on the popup and on the original SPD Handin window.I have attached a video for clarity: SPD_Handin_Bug.mp4.I cannot be sure, but I do think it is feasible that the people who remember submitting their midterm files may have entered incorrect credentials, gotten the popup, ced it, seen this text, and thought that their file correctly submitted.
Midterm 2 Problem 1 and 2 regraded Problem 1 and 2 have been regraded.Specifically:Problem 1 now allows &#34;operand&#34; as an answer for box E.  The rule that each answer can only be used once still applies.Problem 2 now allows more specific combinations of built in abstract functions.  This text is from the revised solution:                                    x] ;give identity a shorter name    ;; All of these received 100%           ;      ;          ;      ;; Alternate staging of the maps received 90%    ;     ;         ;                ;              ;; list copy foldr around 100% answer received 90%    ;      ;      ;      ;      ;; foldr instead of single map received 50%    ;  y      ;; just a map as the outer fn, and just a build-list as inner received 50%    These changes caused the stats to move some, specifically:Problem 1: median changed from 80 to 100, mean changed from 83 to 87.Problem 2: median stayed at 96, mean changed from 65 to 66Overall exam mean changed from 72 to 73. New summary reports and grading reports are in your handback directories.
Lab submission Hi, my lab was from 9-12, but I am ing to submit my lab now at 3:25 and it is saying I may not submit it. Is there a reason why it is not letting me submit?
L16 during lecture work? Hi, I was just reading over the lecture index to review what we&#39;ve done so far, and I saw that the during lecture section for L16  was identical to L1. Can this be updated pls? Thank you! :
Search data definitions How do I know what data definitions I need for each search problem? Is there a systematic way of looking at it? Or is it just based on whatever information might be important for the question?
Academic concession and grade drop for lab Hello, I want to confirm that receiving an academic concession for a lab will guarantee exemption of that one lab&#39;s grade during grade release and that, in addition to this, we are still able to drop the lowest lab grade. Is this understanding correct?
Other Lab Times For the Friday Lab Section, we need to attend a different lab section that should be on Friday but classes end on Thursday. Where can I find a list of the other lab sections to know which one I can attend? Thanks.
Permission to attend lab late Hello, I have my chemis midterm on Tuesday the 21st, which eats into the first hour of my Lab 09 time.Is it possible to arrive late to this lab and just have a shorter time period to work on the problems?Thank you
Abstract Search Function? Hi all,I had a question about search functions. I came up with this question while working on PSET 9, so I am only asking it now after the submission time has ended.Does there exist an abstract search function that does the following? If so, what primitive is it , if not, would this be a useful function to create?The signature of the function would be the following:   [listof    -&gt; Boolean] -&gt;  or This function would  to match every Y with an X. The given  would be the current matches. The big list of functions would contain a bunch of functions, that each take in the current state of pairings, an X and a Y, and produce  if the given X can be matched with the given Y. Each of these functions would be &#34;anded&#34; together, and if the result is , the given X can be matched with the given Y. This is iterated through the listof Y until every Y has an X. If a competed solution could be found, the solution would be produced, and  would be produced otherwise.This function would be very useful.  this function could be used to solve almost every search function that does not need to produce the entire &#34;correct&#34; tree, and just the result. Some questions I think this could answer are the sudoku problem from edx, PSET 9, the triangle solitaire game, the maze question we did in class, and even an extended maze question where you can go to the left or upwards. It could also be used for solving many more questions. Does it work?This is just a random thought that I had. Does this make sense at all?Thanks for reading!
Gregor&#39;s pop-up office hours Monday I will do special office hours tomorrow  11-1, in my office ICCS 311.
maze helpers In valid, we already checked if the given x and y values are between or equal to 0 and MAX-X/Y value, then why are we doing it again in the ref function? And why can&#39;t ref be defined under the same local?            ;&#43;-catch  ;; trivial:   reaches lower right  ;; reduction: moves down and right when possible  ;; argument:  maze is finite, so moving will eventually  ;;            reach trivial case or run out of moves                                                                     ]                  [                   ]                                                                                ]            ;width and height          ;;           ;; produce  if p represents the lower right corner of a maze          ;;                         MAX-X/Y          ;;           ;; Produce a list of up to two valid next positions           ;;                                 ;;                                           ]                    y                              ;;                        MAX-X/Y                  MAX-X/Y                 ]    ;; produce contents of given square in given maze  #t  #f   ;each side length                    ]                &#34;].&#34;]          [            &#34;].&#34;]          [           ]
Maze template origin In the maze problem, we used filter, so shouldn&#39;t we put use-abstract-fn in the template-origin? Also, we used function composition too?
Medical Note Just a quick question, can I re-submit my doctors note that I used for my midterm 2 exemption for other missed work during that same 6-7 day span . I ask because I’m still feeling quite unwell, and I’ve only just seen my doctor a few days ago for the same condition, so I’m not sure if it’ll be possible to see him again so soon for the same issue. Thank you! 
Exam Question Weighting? Hello, I am wondering if for the exam it is possible to add how much out of the total exam each question is worth ? I think this would be beneficial because then I can strategize and allot my time to questions that are worth more and less time to those that are worth less. I feel like this is a fair request because math tests always say how many marks the test is out of and how many marks each question is worth. I also realize the weighting of the questions might be done after the midterm is over and marked, but I am still curious.
Midterm 2 Grades &amp; Info Please respect the time of everyone on Piazza and read this entire message thoroughly before asking any questions about midterm grading. Questions about midterm grading must be asked as a follow up to this post and questions that are answered by this post are not guaranteed a response.  There are several sections below, including: Statistics Feedback on individual problems What getting a low-grade means Viewing your exam Regrade requests Statistics ProblemP1P2P3P4P5P6P7TotalWeight10 20 15 5 20 15 15  -Median80 96 33 100 99 100 68  -Mean83 65 41 92 89 88 60 72   Feedback on Individual Problems Problem 1 This problem assessed your understanding of key terminology we use in the course. Again, terminology is important because you need it to understand what we are saying in the more complex lectures, labs, problem sets and the final.  If you did not do well on this question, please review the gsary.  Problem 2 This problem assessed your ability to use built-in abstract functions to complete a function definition.  The most common mistakes were not using build-list properly, or needlessly using map around each build-list. The grader was set to be very lenient about redundant maps.  If you did not do well on this question, please review module 8 on using built-in abstract functions. There are also numerous problem bank problems you can use to practice this material.  Problem 3 This problem assessed your understanding of the rules of local evaluation, and your ability to use that knowledge to identify what functions are lifted over the course of an evaluation.   A number of people were apparently unprepared for local evaluation problems, which is surprising since there were several practice problems out there. This material is very important because we will continue to use local and cures throughout the course. Being able to simulate the evaluation of a program is important in all programming languages and approaches to software devement. While debugging tools can be very helpful for larger programs, it is still necessary to be able to determine exactly what each part of the code produces when evaluated.  The most common mistakes were: Renaming parameters when lifting . Not lifting the second function originally named bar. Not properly naming the lift of the second function originally named bar. Not actually lifting the definitions.  If you did not do well on this question, please review the rules of local evaluation on the language page. We also suggest you can use the stepper to understand exactly where your hand stepping diverged from the evaluation rules. We may have to assess this material once again on the final exam.   Problem 4 This problem assessed your ability to identify mutual reference and self-reference relationships in types. We knew that this problem was not at all difficult. We included it primarily to cause you to pause and think about the reference relationships in the types before proceeding to the more difficult problems 5, 6, and 7.  Problem 5 This problem assessed your understanding of designing a relatively simple mutually recursive function. If you did not do well on this question, please review module 6 carefully. This material is key to nearly every lecture the rest of this term.  Problem 6 This problem assessed your ability to complete the design of abstract fold functions by using type inference to deve the signature, and also writing the copy and count tests. If you did not do well on this question, please review the lecture material from module 8 on this topic.  Problem 7 This problem also assessed your ability to design functions involving mutual recursion. But in contrast to problem 5, this problem required that you have a very clear understanding of when and how to use -catch.  The most common mistake was not using -catch in all the places where it was required.  If you did not do well on this question, please carefully review the solution and ask questions in office hours.   What Getting a Low Grade Means It is important to keep in mind that the course is about to pick up in both speed and complexity. Please take the feedback you are receiving from this exam as useful information going into the rest of the course.   70 - 80 Spend time reviewing the exam and working through problems to correct the misconceptions you demonstrated.   60 - 70 We encourage you to attend TA or instructor office hours as soon as you can this coming week. At these office hours ask the course staff to review your exam and your work to date. They will be able to help you deve a plan for getting caught up. Plan to work 2 hours extra each day this week to get caught up.   For grades below 60, a great deal of work will be required during the next week to succeed in the remainder of the course. Please do not wait to get help, instead reach out in office hours right away so we can help you plan.    Viewing Your Exam  The autograded exams are now available in your handback directory. There is also a summary report in the SUMMARY folder in your handback directory.   Regrade RequestsWe will share another announcement on Piazza about regrade requests shortly. PLEASE DO NOT contact the course team via email or post on Piazza about regrade requests. 
Confusion on local/lambda use with built-in abstract functions For a built-in abstract function, when we make a helper that takes more than 1 parameter, how does the helper &#34;know&#34; what the 2nd parameter corresponds to?For example from one of the clicker problems , sum-odds takes an x and y, with y being the result of natural recursion. To my understanding as foldr will run sum-odds for each element in the list, it makes sense that sum-odds takes x as the individual element  However, how does sum-odds &#34;know&#34; that y is the result of natural recursion?;;produce sum of odd elements in list                                               y]       
How does the autograder work? This is purley a curiosity question but I saw that it runs on some Linux server and I was just curious how our computers connect to it and how it checks so fast. Thank you
Midterm 2 w2 2023 q2 template-origin Hi there,I was reading over the draft solutions for midterm 2 w2 2023. I was wondering why the template-origin for q2 is abstract-fn instead of both fn-composition and abstract-fn? In a past exam 2022 w2 mt2 p5 uses a similar problem structure and has fn-composition and use-abstract-fn as its template-origin. 
Midterm 2 draft solutions Midterm 2 draft solutions are posted on the exams page at:https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/exams/2023w1-mt2/Please do not post messages of the form the solutions say xxx, but will the grader ept yyy.  The graded exams will be coming out before g and you can see then.
Missing module 11 on edX I can&#39;t find module 11 on edX anymore, is it just me or does anyone  have the problem? 
Confusion on Functions I realize if and cond expressions are not functions. I don&#39;t think local is a function as well. Is it? And are &#34;and&#34; expression, &#34;or&#34; expressions functions? Thanks a lot.
2021 W1 MT2 P3 For this abstract function, my code is way easier to understand than the solution. I do not understand why we are being asked to write code that makes no sense. I thought the goal of this class is to write code that is easily understandable and reproducible.My code:                                                                                                                                        odd-color                                                             even-color                          ]           identitySolution code                                         -image                                                             odd-color even-color                      ]                                                    
2023s1 mt2 p6 ;; produce given string exploded into increasingly g lists of 1strings                                                                                               ;                                                              Can I have an explanation on this problem please?I get the string-length part since we need operate that many times. I am confused about how it made separate string in a list with . And also how do determine the x value?  Thank you in advance.
Sick before Midterm I am feeling a bit nauseous since this morning and also have a headache. I am not sure how it will affect my ability to take the midterm. If my condition gets worse before or during the midterm, would I be able to leave early and submit an academic concession?
2021 W2 P3 The starter gave this as an example check-expect:  should produce 17000 but I&#39;m not sure how they got that number. Looking at the example before this one:                                                        100 should produce 50that 50 the check-expect produced is the share from  because that&#39;s the only Grant that vests before the day 100. Applying that same idea to , shouldn&#39;t the result be 6000  since every Grant in the ListOfGrant is vested before or on day 1825?
2021 W1 Midterm2 Problem 4 I saw previous posts for escher-square but I still don&#39;t understand why we&#39;re supposed to divide l by 2 for the trivial case?this is the trivial case in the solution:                                                                          ]this is my trivial case:          ]                                     ]
2020 w2 mt2 p4 I am not sure why I am getting an error for my last 3 check-expects for my function call for problem 4. Perhaps I am using the fold-tree function incorrectly? ;YOU MUST uncomment this line when you start;; produce first ttree value with provided key  1  2 &#34;two&#34; 3                                                            2              &#34;two&#34;                                                           6              &#34;six&#34;                                                           1              &#34;one&#34;;  ;stub                              v                                                                                                                  ]    The errors I am getting are: node-k: expects a node, given &#34;two&#34;node-k: expects a node, given &#34;six&#34;node-k: expects a node, given &#34;one&#34;which I am confused about because lef, mid, and rig should be nodes. But seeing the error is making my expected given result, am I on the right track? 
Midterm issue I still have no answer for this question, I was supposed to be contacted by a course coordinator today but I still have not, I am not sure what to doWho/where do I contact to talk about a request for a specific seat during the midterm. Rather i simply cannot write it, or I need someplace my laptop screen can rest against  because my laptop hinges just broke in a car ident, and unless there something for it to rest on it wont stay up. I do not have the time or resources to get a new one and I cannot rely on borrowing one.
2022 midterm 2 question 1 Why is the cond for the default case for  ? Shouldn&#39;t it be ?
encapsulated in template-origin I am quite confused about template-origin rules. Appears to be that some built-in abstract function also includes local when designing functions, but they do not include encapsulated template-origin.When should we add encapsulated?
Lost UBC ID I left my UBC ID at home during the reading break. I won&#39;t have my UBC ID for the midterm. Does a government ID work? What should I do?
Missing Exam Due to illness I have already submitted multiple academic concession forms this semester, and it looks like I will need to miss this exam too as I have fallen sick again. Is that okay? I will provide the appropriate documentation from my doctor, but I just wanted to make sure that it’s okay if I miss the exam since I have used the concession forms in the past as well. Thank you!
Sudden Fever  I am down with a sudden fever since morning. I don&#39;t want to  on the midterm exam, but I believe that it would be better to be transparent about the fever. Can I still apply for the academic concession? This will be my first time using academic concession in CPSC 110. Do I need to provide any documentation? Also, is it possible to opt for an exam postponement rather than omitting it altogether?
2021 w1 mt2 p2  This is the given solution to the problem, giving both the solutions. But how do we decide if it needs to be further simplified or not ?
Mutual Reference I am wondering if there is a mutual-ref template origin tag. I think I have used it before but I could not remember what it was for and when to use it.
build-list abstract function ;; produce given string exploded into increasingly g lists of 1strings                                                                                               ;; *** Must not edit any line above here. ***;  ;stubI noticed that while working with the build-list function I usually get the following error:Check failures:        check-expect encountered the following error instead of the expected value, .    :: build-list: expects an exact-nonnegative-integer, given  ...in mt2-p6-starter.rkt, line 72, column 0 caused by expression in mt2-p6-starter.rkt, line 90, column 2and I got the same in this problem. What should I do to avoid getting this error? Also, at first I thought to solve this using genrec, what is the reason that we&#39;re using abstract here?
still confused about what an Argument is in Racket??? I&#39;ve seen many people ask similar questions and I&#39;ve got some jist of an answer, but still, many students which I&#39;ve talked to disagree on what an argument is.As I understand it, and argument is a function expression after it has been evaluated. But I fail to see how this is helpful under any circumstances.Consider:step and we get:so... is c an argument then? Or is it an operand? Or both? If both, which one is more fitting?Step again and we get:dis d an argument? Assuming that d can no ger be further evaluated, d is also a constant, no?It seems like from a &#34;static&#34; viewpoint, nothing is an argument. I want to confirm this, and finally be clear with what an argument is in BSL/ISL.Thanks.
gen-rec and writing base case, reduction, and argument is it required that we comment in our base case, reduction step, and argument for termination, or is that simply to help ourselves, but not marked.
2020 w1 mt2 p7     -&gt; Boolean;;  if each number in 1 is in 2 and each number in 2 is in 1                 lst1             lst2]             This is the solution to Problem 7 . Why is there a fn-composition in @template-origin? Which rule are we using here?
Lectures Today? Do we have lecture today?
How to solve this dr.racket error? I never got this error before
If we use lambda instead of local, what should we put for template-origin? Don&#39;t we need to put &#34;encapsulated&#34; for the template-origin since we are not using local.Is there something  we need to put in?
2019 W1 MT2 Q4 - local lifting i know its very last minute but could anyone explain this question? i do not exactly understand local lifting and what are the videos related to it?
2022 W1 MT2 P3 Why is  not considered right because it highlights the whole thing in Dr.Racket why is it specifically  the right answer? Would mean alot if someone can explain. Thnanks                                                                                                               ]              ]                                                                                                                                                         ]                  
2022w1 MT2 P3 Q1 I am ing to wrap my head around this but why is bar here is a cure but not fn?\                                                                                                               ]              ]    
Some of my laptop’s keys stopped working It looks like it was some sort of hardware issue and I can’t use any of the middle keys on my laptop . The midterm is tomorrow and I’m not sure what to do. I’m going to  and get it fixed tomorrow morning but i doubt I’ll be ready before the midterm. The only other thing I could think of was to get an external keyboard but I’m not really sure if there will be enough space on the desks.Really sorry for the late post.
backtracking vs -catch template for this code,               s                t                                       ]                  [                   ]                                                                       ]                      ]    if this is the template given in the solution can i use as template instead?
2020w1-mt2 Q3 Could we use -catch if the question does not say we cannot use? 
2021 w1 mt2 p3 My answer for 2021 w1 mt2 p3 is  0-image SIZE-FACTORodd-coloreven-color] 1 pand the solution is  -image odd-color even-color]My answer can pass both given tests and I got 0 in the part of choice of abstract function, is it correct to use foldl instead of foldr?
argument and type name Hi, I wonder for c, can we call it as an argument?  I think the type name is the optimal answer, I just wonder if argument works here  since the feedback we see a lot from autograder calls it argument as well. Thank you in advance.
expression vs function call expression I&#39;m a bit confused on the difference between an expression and function call expression. An expression is something that evaluates to a value as per the gsary, so technically, wouldn&#39;t all function call expressions also be expressions since function call expressions call a function to evaluate to a value?
Adding Check-expects Can we add check-expects under the *** Must not edit any line above here. ***? -&gt; Natural;; produce width of widest image in list; 0 if list is  0                                                                            30;; *** Must not edit any line above here. ***  ;stub
2022 W2 MT2 Problem 4 Hi, this was my solution to problem 4 for midterm 2 of 2022W2. The auto grader feedback does not seem to make much sense to me since the code runs. Could you provide some insight as to why the auto grader does not like my answer?My code:Autograder Feedback:
clarification on local lifting For 2020w2 q2, the function is defined as:                                                          ]    So when b is called, there are 6 lifts happening because there are 6 locally defined functions? even thought not all 6 are evaluated when calling function b? 
Mouse taken during office hours Someone identally took my mouse during the office hours today around 7:00-7:30pm, 15 Nov, 2023.It’s a black Razor wireless mouse. If you noticed you have an extra mouse, please contact me at schen622@student.ubc.ca
Midterm issue Who/where do I contact to talk about a request for a specific seat during the midterm. Rather i simply cannot write it, or I need someplace tmy laptop screen can resr against  because my laptop hinges just broke in a car ident, and unless there something for it to rest on it wont stay up. I dont have the time or resources to get a new one and I cannot rely on borrowing one.
practice exam problem 5 Why is fn-composition in the template? 
2022w2 max on a list? when i  to run the max function in the result section to see what it does it says that it cannot run on a list :&gt; max: expects a real, given but the solution for this question uses     lowhich makes sense to me and what i was ing to do in the first place, however the max function does not seem to work a list and expects a real so how is foldr using this a function
choice of abstract functions I used  and got 45 mark off.the solution used it&#39;s only different the operation&#39;s directionIf it was real exam, do I e mark because I used different abstract function?this is my answer                                     -image                                                                                                                   odd-color even-color]      -image                                   and this is the solution                                           -image                                                             odd-color even-color                      ]                                                        
22W1 MT2-P5 My results are the same as the solution. Is this epted?Edit: Just saw this is epted. But the template-origin of the solution says that it&#39;s a function composition. Can anyone explain how is this a fn-composition?
What argument to provide abstract fn if fn param won&#39;t ever be called within the abstracted fn? Quick question: Assuming we have an abstract fold function of some kind with, let&#39;s say, 8 different parameters... what value do we give that one function parameter when we already know that, that specific function is irrelevant to producing whatever it is we want to produce?
Why is the answer 3 instead of 4 People? For 2020w1-mt2 Problem 4, I don&#39;t understand why the check-expect answer is 3 instead of 4. I count 4 people in P3: Avi, P0, P1, and P2.;;  - signature;;  - copy test that copies P3;;  - count test that counts the number of people in P3, which is 3
Questions about signature and template   -&gt; NumberThis is a signature for a function and the result  is a type name right? What do we call  and the X and Y inside the bracket?Also, I was curious if we use the same function twice, do we have to template it as fn-composition? Thanks!
built-in function that produces all the numbers that go up to the given? Like the title said, is there a built-in function that produces a list of numbers that go up to the given number with zero-base indexing? I thought that was identity, but Racket help desk said identity just returns whatever the input is.What I thought identity did: would produce What the help desk said identity does: would produce 3
2021 w1 q2 This is my function definition for 2021 w1 q2     0] ;[1]        [           ;[2]                            &#34;blank&#34;                                    ]But it doesn&#39;t pass the test   -2 and returns 0 instead of -2.I&#39;m not sure where in my code is causing my error, could somebody help point it out?
2022w1-mt2-p6 possible error? The Data definition for message in 2022w1-mt2-p6 is ```;; Message is one of:;; - ;; - ;; - ;; interp. a Message is either  meaning no data is being sent,;;          meaning the data is corrupted or;;         a packet that contains data, key and rest of Message```Shouldn't it be  in the type comment as Packet isn't a type, and it can't take the values of  or  as the examples suggest.
2021 W1 MT2 Why are A C and D mutual reference, and not reference? Screen_Shot_2023-11-15_at_3.48.46_PM.pngcsss.png
Scrap file? I was wondering if you could allow the use of a scrap file  during the midterm.It is just a helpful tool to test functions while composing a function as you can&#39;t do that on the file with the problems when there is a syntax error or other type of errors. edit: scrap file no ger needed; I don&#39;t know what I did differently but any function I put in the interaction window still works even when there is a syntax error, I was sure it didn&#39;t work before.Thank you for the ctrl d hack though.
2020 w2 mt2 problem 5 choice of abstract functions: incorrect In problem 5 , the autograder reports this:I first used build-list and then filter to get rid of naturals in the list that are smaller than lo, and then I used foldr to add the naturals together. The solution doesn&#39;t use filter, but why is it better than using filter? Solution given: Can anyone help? Thanks!
Is there lecture tomorrow? I apologize if this is a dumb question. But on the schedule it only says MT2, and doesn&#39;t have the names of the topic we will be covering on top, like &#34;genrec&#34;/ &#34;umulators&#34;/ &#34;abstraction&#34;. So I am wondering if we have lecture tomorrow.
2021 W2 P4 What does i1 and i2 mean in the solution?  -&gt; Natural;; number of occurrences of the number in l1 that the has most occurrences in l2;; CONSTRAINT: there are no duplicates within lst1  0  0  2                                              5; 0                    l2              l1
SPD Hand-in Issues Currently when ing to hand things in through the SPD Handin plugin, it freezes on the &#34;Handing in...&#34; line and won&#39;t ever actually hand-in. No errors pop up and it was working earlier today, What can I do to fix this issue?
academic concession form Given my current health condition, regrettably, I won&#39;t be able to take Mid Term 2. I intend to submit the academic concession form. Could you kindly clarify whether there will be a rescheduled Mid Term or if I will be considered for an exemption?
2020 w2 mt2 problem 6 asks me to use a function called member I know someone asked what member did before, but I am confused about a more general question. In exam, if the starter file instructions ask us to use a function I haven&#39;t used before  and there isn&#39;t an example illustrating what this function does, what should I do?
Is it reasonable to use a fold function here? In 2020w2-mt2 P3, a question asks us to design a function that finds an item with a certain key inside a tree.The solution is as follows:   ]        [          key                           key]                                                      key]                                                                        key]I am wondering if it is reasonable to use the provided fold-ttree function which is:   b]        [                                                         ]It seems to be possible to use this function but is it reasonable? The question states:;; NOTE: If it is appropriate to use the fold-ttree function then you will;;       e 20% marks from an otherwise correct solution if you do not;;       use it.;;;;       If it is not appropriate to use the fold-tree function, but you;;       do use it then you will e 30% off an otherwise correct solution.It would be a g function that would have to be given to fold-ttree but I don&#39;t think it is unreasonable to do so, yet the solution does not use fold-ttree. Why is this?
mt2-2022-p3 function call expression vs operand? The solution says that F is an operand, which is funny, because that was my initial guess.I understand why its an operand, but it is also definitely a function call expression, to the best of my knowledge. Could it be that both answers are epted? If not, then how do I know what to see it as and in what context?
2021 W2 P2 Hi, can someone explain P2 of 2021 W2 pls? I don&#39;t even know why the example check-expect:  G17 produces G17 so there&#39;s no way for me to go forward with coding the function :
2020 W1 MT2 P4 Shouldn&#39;t the count test be for 4 people instead of 3 for P3? slightly confusedcount test that counts the number of people in P3, which is 3;; Date is String;; interp. a calendar date;; Person is ;; interp. A person with their first name, birthdate and all their marriages;; Marriage is ;; interp. A marriage record with the date, the spouse, and the children  encapsulated                                                                                                                                                     ]                  [                                           ]                       ]                  [                                           ]]    ;; Complete the design of the the abstract fold function for Person. You;; must add the following to the start we have provided below:;;;;  - signature;;  - copy test that copies P3;;  - count test that counts the number of people in P3, which is 3                P M Person -&gt; X;; abstract fold for Person;; COPY TEST d cons cons                             P3 P3;; COUNT TEST                             lom                                                                                      d                                                                                         &#43;                               1                               0                               P3 3 Date encapsulated   ; ---&gt; X                                                                 ; ---&gt; Y                                                       ; ----&gt; Z                       ;-----&gt; P             b1]                  [                                          ]                 ;------&gt; M             b2]                  [                                          ]]    
2021w1 p3 Can anyone tell me what x y refers to?            ;; image of numbers from hi to lo; size = n*SIZE-FACTOR; and odd or even color               &#34;red&#34;               &#34;blue&#34;                             &#34;orange&#34;                             &#34;blue&#34;               &#34;blue&#34;                             &#34;orange&#34;                             &#34;blue&#34;                            -image; -image ; stub                              -image                                                             odd-color even-color                      ]                                                        
what to do if the lines given in the file exceeds 80 characters If the lines given in the original starter file exceeds 80 characters in the exam, can I move some of the words in the line to the second row? But if i do so I would be editing stuffs I should not edit right? Thanks
Local and Abstraction Concepts Hi there,Sorry to bother you but I am still a little fuzzy on the 3rd reason why we use local. Here what I have so far:1. Encapsulation2. Avoid recomputation3. ??? Andfor Abstraction , I am not sure about the terminology for some of the types of   for example the lecture on Abstraction:from m-08-abstract-fold-usages-solutions.rkt Lecture 14  Y Course -&gt; X;; abstract fold for Course C110 encapsulated    ;--&gt; X                                                         ;--&gt; Y             b1]                  [                                          ]]    Why do we only use 1 check-expect when testing our abstract function? Also in general when we are doing abstract functions from type. How many check-expects do we use?
Why answer is D and not C? ![image.png]![image.png]In this question, I chose the answer `C`, but the auto grader counted it as wrong and said that the answer was `D`. Shouldn't both of them be correct? Function `b` references ``, which is a parameter of an encing function that should make `b` a cure. And `bar` references a function `fn`, `b`, and a parameter `a`, which are also defined in the encing function. Could you please explain why the answer `C` is not correct?
Big problem I started working on pset8 in November 1st and I got 100 on my last submission . I wasn&#39;t notified that the starter file changed later and now my score becomes 90 . I think this is extremely unfair. Is doing homework early even a bad behavior?the error message is just  0%  of    10%  x    Grading of problem halted - must not edit tests in starter file. 
2022W1 MT2 P3 - Practice Exam Could someone help me understand why there are 6 definitions lifted during evaluation instead of 5?fn is called twice, b is called twice, and bar is only called once.Also, is foo lifted 3 times because we use the map abstract function which applies bar to each element of the list?                                                                                                               ]              ]    
Question about concession form I have been very sick since this morning with a bad cough and flu and I am not entirely sure if ill be able to give the Midterm 2. I have already used the concession form once before for Lab 6. I am taking medication as prescribed by my family doctor back home and I was wondering what documentation I will be needing for the midterm 2 concession form.
2020 W1 MT2 P2 - LIFTED DEFINITIONS I want to understand how the local definition is lifted 15 times, can some explain this? STEP BY STEP would be appreciated . Thanks!;;;; Consider the following definition.  Then answer the 5 multiple-choice;; questions that follow.  Provide your answers by entering the appropriate;; value for the constants my-answer-question-1 through my-answer-question-5.;; For example:  .;;;; As always, a file that does not run will e a significant number of marks.;; Run your work often, so that you can check and fix errors as soon as they;; creep in.  Also be sure to run every time before you submit.;;;; We have added special tests at the end of the file that check whether your;; answers are well-formed.  Any submission that fails any of those tests will;; receive a grade of 0.;;   2                                         ]     n];; Question 1:;; How many definitions are lifted each time the function outer is called?;; [a] 1;; [b] 2;; [c] 3;; [d] 5;; Question 2:;; Is two a cure?;; [a] Yes;; [b] No;; Question 3:;; Is inner a cure?;; [a] Yes;; [b] No;; Question 4:;; Is p? a cure?;; [a] Yes;; [b] No;; Question 5:;; In total, how many definitions are lifted when the expression;;  is evaluated?
2022W1 MT2 P2 I don&#39;t quite understand why the solution used  rnr. I understand that the first part with the rmr is just the arguments of c1, but I don&#39;t know why they did  rnr which is the arguments to c2 and fn-for- is just ignored since it&#39;s irrelevant what we&#39;re ing to find.This is what the solution gave for the copy test and count test:                                    Y Z Professor            -&gt; X;; abstract fold for Professor P9                           rnr                         &#43;                         0 0 P9              9   encapsulated                                                                                     b1]                  [                                          ]                       b2]                  [                                          ]]    
member function in 2020w2-mt2 q567 solution, there is a member function used. Then I searched &#34;member&#34; function in the helper desk and found that there are two similar functions: member and member?What is the difference between these two function?
Lookup-In-List-Starter I&#39;m working on currently catching up because I was sick for a while and right now I&#39;m on lookup-in-list-starter. I&#39;m having trouble... I don&#39;t know why my code isn&#39;t running and Gregor told me not to look at the answers.It says that there&#39;s an error with my function name and when I  to change it, it claims that it&#39;s not defined. Here is the code.;; lookup-in-list-starter.rkt; ; Consider the following data definition for representing an arbitrary number of user; ounts.; ;; Accounts is one of:;;  - ;;  -  Accounts;; interp. a list of ounts, where each ;;           num  is an ount number ;;           name is the person&#39;s first name     #;   ]        [          ;Natural               ;String              ]                                                                      ; PROBLEM:; ; Complete the design of the lookup-name function below. Note that because this is a search function ; it will sometimes &#39;fail&#39;. This happens if it is called with an ount number that does not exist; in the ounts list it is provided. If this happens the function should produce . The signature ; for such a function is written in a special way as shown below.; ;; Accounts Natural -&gt; String or ;; Try to find ount with given number in ounts. If found produce name, otherwise produce . &#34;abc&#34; &#34;dcj&#34; &#34;ilk&#34; &#34;ruf&#34;  ; &#34;&#34; ;Stub   ]        [          ;Natural               ;String              ]
2022-W-1 mt-2 p5 choice of abstract function Hi. I wonder why my mark reduced because of wrong choice of abstract function even though the question does not explicitly ask me to use specific built-in abstract function  -&gt; Boolean;; produce  if a given number is in the first list, but not in the second            ;     1            2]        this         thatAbove is the solution
2020w1 mt2 p4 Here are my solution compared to the provided solution below;; Complete the design of the the abstract fold function for Person. You;; must add the following to the start we have provided below:;;;;  - signature;;  - copy test that copies P3;;  - count test that counts the number of people in P3, which is 3    A B Person -&gt; X;; abstract fold for Person;; &lt;put the copy test here&gt;                                                                                           d]                         P3;; &lt;put the count test here&gt;                                               d                                              ]  3------Here below is the solution.----- P3                        ]                              4  encapsulated                                                                                                                                                  b1]                  [                                          ]                       b2]                  [                                          ]]    For my copy test, I wonder if it is allowed to do this way, I locally defined the functions in the fold function. And for the second test, the expected value should be 3 however in the solution, the first person is counted, giving a number of 4. Can I have a check on my version of this two test? Both tests passed. Thank you in advanced
cond vs if in genrec For genrec, what is the difference between using cond vs if? Do we just use whichever we prefer/fits better for the question?
Abstract Functions To Keep In Mind I&#39;ve noticed several times on different exam questions that abstract functions such as max, member, and length are used in the solution files. I know that we should stick to the abstract functions on the language page but I&#39;m also getting the message that we should keep some other abstract functions in mind that aren&#39;t on the language page. I was wondering if there are any other abstract functions we should know?
what is the case you use helper and lambda? for abstraction Literally, I like to use lambda or local when I perform the abstraction function.However, some files have a helper for abstraction functions.I&#39;m kinda worried because there was a case where people t their marks with no helper in midterm 1. -&gt; ;; produce list containing only the images in loi for which wide? produces                                                 ;; Produce  if image-width is &gt; image-height.           In this case, I put lamda like this, do I e mark if it is real exam?     loi
language clarification If a file is in intermediate student with lambda custom, hen local expressions are unusable and lambda must be used? so if a file we download on the midterm is in intermediate student with lambda custom, are we free change the language to intermediate student to use local? and vice versa?
Parameter and If statement I know that the auto grader epts the most urate and relevant description therefore it doesn&#39;t like my answer for B and E, but I&#39;m just wondering for the sake of understanding whether my answer for B and D is correct in a technical perspective, if not please correct me. Thanks! By the way, the correct  answer for B and E is &#34;operand&#34; and &#34;expression&#34; respectively.
2022 mt2 p3 I am confused on why this is type name instead of argument. 
2022w2 mt2 p6 ;; produce a pyramid with n-1 visible steps on each side  -image                PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                      -image                                 SIZE PEN COLORFor this question, would someone be able to explain to me how  and specifically how the second parameter r produces the other half of our image? I was thinking that r is like our  and rnr is  but I don&#39;t know how the r works. Thanks!
Does the template-origin order matter? Hello, I can&#39;t to quite seem a question like this asked but does it matter in the order of template-origin? Will we e marks for incorrect template?For example, one of the midterm problems, I usedWhile the solution is
Exam location help My last name is &#34;Luo&#34;I am confused which exam locations that I am supposed to goIBLC 182: Last names starting with Li-LooBUCH A102: Last names starting with Lou-Mor
2022 w1 mt2 p6 I am confused about how we should decipher the instructions given to us for a 2-one-of if it will be worded similarly in the midterm.It says, &#34;- if the list is  the message ends with &#34;STOP&#34;&#34;, but I thought that would mean if Message is  then the answer would be  and not just &#34;STOP&#34;.Another part is &#34;- if the key in the packet does not match the first number in the list then a string of n &#34;_&#34; are added to the message, corresponding to the number that is the first element of the list , and the decoding continues with the next package and next element of the list&#34;. I interpreted this as                &#34;_&#34;                since it says &#34;_&#34;s are added to the message. However, the solution gives  &#34;_&#34;                Would the midterm be clearer about clarification on a question like this, or is there a specific way for me to interpret instructions for a 2-one-of question, such as the first rule it gives should cover the basis of all possibilities under that rule?
2022 w2 mt2 p6 Are we gonna e marks if something like this happens in the midterms? The images produced are the same but there are slight differences in details of the code Also, can someone please reconfirm that is it fine if we use local functions instead of lambdas?My code:Solution code:
2023S mt2 p5 - answer simplicity for grading I got 100% on the autograder for this problem. However, upon looking at the solution, I realized that there was a significantly easier way to write out the solution than what I did. Both solutions work, all tests pass, and both get 100% on the autograder. Would I e marks during hand grading for the unnecessary complexity of my answer? The specific solutions are as follows.My original solution:                                          first-w                next-w]     as , and I forgot that max existedThe simpler solution:  Thanks in advance!
fn-composition              ]        [                       ]   -image]        [                          ]Why can I use fn-compostion in this case
2022 w2 mt2 Q6 I am ing to understand the code here :;; produce a pyramid with n-1 visible steps on each side  -image                PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                             PEN COLOR                    -image                                 SIZE PEN COLOR.How does the  increase then decrease? like i know build-list will increase with the number passed but in this case how does it decreases to form a shape of a pyramid?
Signature missing -&gt; In 2021 w2 mt2, q2 I had my signature as and drracket gave me the error &#34;signature missing -&gt;&#34;, but my signature clearly has an arrow. When I copied the solution file&#39;s signature, which is exactly the same as my own, the error goes away. Any help on why this error occurs?
2020 w1 mt2 p2 why is p? not cure?Why is  or  not cure?I read the gsary and still don&#39;t get it   2                                         ]     n]
How is this function composition?     this         thatHow is this function composition?
2022W2 MT2 P4 - qselect signature I'm a bit confused about what inputs to the `qselect` function in this problem are considered valid. The provided signature and constraint are:``` Number -> Number...;; CONSTRAINT:  contains no duplicates, and has at least n+1 elements```By @377 this means that the input could be, for example, ` 1.4` - these are valid `Number` values, and there are more than 1.4+1=2.4 elements in the list, as there are 3 elements. This would mean that `qselect` should properly handle these inputs, and this should be verified using `check-expects`.However, the provided solution breaks on the following input:``` 2.5```with the error `rest: expects a non- list; given: `. I would expect the result to be `4`, although I could be wrong about this - but in any case, the signature indicates that the function should be able to handle this somehow.There are clearly more than 2.5+1=3.5 elements in this list, there are 4 elements, so I would assume this input is valid. My question is: am I correctly interpreting what input the `qselect` function must be able to take? Does my above input follow those guidelines? And if so, why does it break the solution?
2022w2 p5 /lo I just had a question about .lo is a , and when making lambda , how do we know that  is one of the sub-lists on lo.                  lohow come it works to just use  instead of having to use  or something? I’m just slightly confused at that. How does it work that  is the sublist of lo automatically?
2-one-of Do we still need a natural recursion in our function for two of the problems? Does 2-one-of as a template origin mean we can disregard the template for the consumes type?
2019 W1 MT2 Problem 4 second lifted Why do we have  as an answer?Why should we put 4 here?;;;; Consider the following expression:;;                              ]            ]  ;;;; We want you to write two things:;; ;;  What value does the expression produce? Your answer MUST go in the;;     following space:;;;;;;;  When the expression is evaluated there will some number of lifted ;;     definitions.  Please write the SECOND lifted function definition.;;     We are not asking for a complete step by step evaluation, just;;     the second lifted definition.  Don&#39;t worry about the exact pattern ;;     ISL uses to give names to lifted definitions, just use some;;     reasonable naming convention.  Your answer MUST go in the following;;     space:;;;   ;    ;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;ANSWER; ...
2020w1-m2-p4 parameter name choice in solution Why did the solution choose to name the result of fn-for-date as &#34;d&#34; in the local definition of c1 but &#34;rnh&#34; in the local definition of c2?I know it doesn&#39;t matter what you name the parameters but I just want to know why the solution chose to name them differently.
For practice problems of 2023S mt2 Hi, does someone know for here why we use map instead of filter? Cuz i think we are asking to find the max width within list of images. Isn&#39;t it like filter? 
How to distinguish between cons, append and list For 2022 w1 p1, I used cons in the function definition for fn-for- instead of append as what the solution used, and by using cons it produced result such as , so Is there clarification on how con, append and list are used differently? 
2022W2 MT2 P4 - Practice Exam Hello, in this problem we were asked to define a function that returns the nth smallest number in . This is what I tried as my solution, and it passed all my check-expects and the given check-expects. However, autograder marks this incorrect because the solution uses cond instead of if and that there&#39;s 2 calls to filter. The question does not specify that we must use at most 2 filter calls.How would one decide whether to use if or cond in similar questions?My Solution:; 0 ;stub   ]        [                                             ]                          p                                   n                    ]Answer Key:   ]        [                            ]            p]                 [ ]                 [                                                1]]
2023s-MT2 Question About Type Inference   Y Z Z Agent -&gt; X A5  &#43; 0 0 0 A5                                                                                                   b1]                  [                                          ]                        b2]                  [ b3]]        I was wondering if someone could explain why the output of the second argument, c2, is the same as its second input. Also, is the output of the entire signature the same as the output for c1 because we are only calling fn-for-agent whenever we use fold-agent?
For autograde report Hi, I am confused what &#34;Test thoroughness fault&#34; stands for. I have no idea how to debug this kind of errors.
MT2 - SUMMER 2023 P4 So this the solution for copy test ,but my check-expect also worked to copy test of A5 but the Autograder marked it wrong. Can&#39;t i do in the way i did it?  Y Z Z Agent -&gt; X A5  &#43; 0 0 0 A5                                                                                                   b1]                  [                                          ]                        b2]                  [ b3]]        My Solution :-   Y Z Z Agent -&gt; X;; &lt;put the copy test here&gt;                                                                                   fnl                                                    &#34;RED&#34;                          &#34;BLUE&#34;                          A5 A5
rnr and rmr I know that rnr and rmr are usually parameter names we put when defining a function, but what exactly does it mean?
Online office hours right now! Hi, I'm taking over Alex' senior OH right now from 1pm to 2.30pm on Zoom, so if you're not on campus  and want some help online use the link below!https://ubc.zoom.us/j/67389738264?pwd=NkpCUVFNOTRHNHQ4U2cxeTkxaWxyUT09
2021 w1 p5 I dont understand why this error keeps popping up, it is from the given part in the question. 
Using &#34;If Expressions&#34; in Abstract Function Problems  Regarding 2021w1-mt2/mt2-p3,  I was ing to avoid “if-expressions” altogether in my solution because of the following notes:The function definition MUST NOT use any part of the recursive Natural templateor the  template.- it must not include  uses conditional expressions in non-recursive parts of the code                                                     -image                                                             odd-color even-color                      ]                                                    Thanks!
2021 w1 mt-2 problem 4 solidifying my understanding I finished the function definition for the escher-square, however whenever I  to do the  case, I cant seem to get it correct. Can anyone explain where I am going wrong?Here is my check-expect                2                                                       ]                                                                     Here is the function definition :                                                                                                             ]        [                          ]                                                          ]
2022w2-mt2 I have a question with the &#34;9/45 choice of abstract function: partially correct &#34;.I have watched through the similar question, but I still cannot find which rule I break. Can anyone help me with that?My code is:             ]    But the solution provided  is:                  lo
2022w2-mt2 p4 &#34;if the  When designing the qselect function for 2022w2-mt2 problem 4 part of the description of how the function should work is &#34;if the &lt;p sublist contains the nth element of &#34;.The solution seems to have implemented this using ]      [ ...]How does asking if n is less than the length of &lt;p the same thing as if &lt;p contains the nth element of ?I do not understand how this does the same thing as the description of how our function should work.
2022w2 p5 My solution is identical to the solution posted, but Autograder told me:     0%  of    45%  x     choice of abstract functions: incorrect     this         thatAbove is my solution.And the following is the posted solution. Is there something I did not notice that is wrong?      ;; There are numerous ways ways to write this. probably the simplest  ;; is the following:  ;;  two things have to be  -&gt; and  ;;    one of the elements of this must be x -&gt; ormap  ;;    every element of that must not be x   -&gt; andmap    this         that  #;    this         that
Problem Bank Abstraction P8 fold-daf-1-starter Hi everyone. I&#39;m going through the problems in the problem bank, but I can&#39;t seem to be able to open the https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/fold-daf-1-starter.rkt starter. Is it just me or does the link not work for everyone? Thank you.
no grading report for 2023s mt2 p3 I just tried submitting 2023S MT2 P3 to the autograder for feedback but there is no grading report My code was running for a very g time and there was nothing that indicated a red error or failing tests . Could that be the issue, or is there a bug with the autograder?Screenshot_2023-11-14_at_11.38.53_AM.png
2020w2p7 ;; next every countdown once, keep  countdowns in list for one tick only  ;the check-expect I added                  locThis is the solution to this question. Looks like it means we should filter all the  in the list before we do the next countdown. I am confused because I am wondering if there are two 0s in the list. 
In what cases do we need double -catch? Hi! I am reviewing the lecture last Thursday about Search Problems and I realized that I am still confused about when we need double  catch in our function. I understand that we need -catch whenever a function may fail and we want to do two different things when it does, however, I&#39;m t with the lecture example and why we needed to have a -catch in solve-bd   ;; Termination argument:  ;;  base: not possible to remove anymore pegs   ;;  reduction: make one of n valid jumps  ;;  argument: making one jump at a time always reaches no more possible jumps                                              ]                                                                                               ]                  [                   ]                                                                       ]]    
Problem Set 9 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 9.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students must not answer other student&#39;s questions about problem sets.
2020 w2 - mt2 /mt2- p2 In this case, I think a and c are not called when function b is called.Then do we lift all 6 definitions?Or when does a and c are called?                                                       ]    
2022 w1 mt2 what does ignore mean, i have searched in the piazza and cant find anything P9                           rnr                         &#43;                         0 0 P9              9are we supposed to know this?
2023 mt2 p6                                                              Could someone explain how this function works for 2023 mt2 p6? My understanding is that lambda has defined a new variable x that it uses in its function body. But x is never given any value, so then how does this function work? 
Dr Racket error I am continuously getting this error in Dr Racket. I force quite the application and restarted it and still the error is appearing. What should I do about it?
2023 w2 mt2 p6 Hi everyone,When I was ing to solve p6, I noticed that the question is similar to a generic recursion. So I tried to the template for genrec to solve it. The question asks to render a pyramid with rectangles of decreasing height, like this picture:However, with the current code, I am unable to form the shape as instructed. Below is my code:;; produce a pyramid with n-1 visible steps on each side  -image                PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR;genrec   -image]        [          PEN COLOR]                                    sub]and what I have is:I understand my problem is that at each recursion, the height increases instead of decreasing, because I use n to specify the height.However, I can&#39;t think of a way to generate an n in the right way. I am thinking using a constant parameter to &#34;fix&#34; the initial n, and then use it to subtract the new n, but it does not seem to work. Can anyone tell me what should I do?
Parameter vs operand Seeing discussion @1094, there is a follow up discussion I’m also confused with, I take a screen shot of that and hope someone can explain it to me, thanks!IMG_3368.jpeg
Confusion about what the &#34;simplest&#34; way to use abstract functions For 2022 w1 q5, I answered the question using    ]   Which is also the second solution presented in the solution file, but autograder only gave my answer 55%. Would this answer really only earn 55% on an actual midterm? If so, how do you know that this question should use   2 instead of ?
2022w2-mt2 p4: abstract function choice I'm a bit confused about the abstract function choice in the solution of this question.The provided solution is:```                    l2              l1```This uses `foldr`, `map`, and `filter`.My solution was:```racket                l2]    ```This was marked as an incorrect abstract function choice.As you can see, the answers are fairly similar - aside from my choice to use `local`, the only difference is that the solution uses `foldr` and mine uses `apply` with an extra 0 `cons`ed onto the list to handle the case where it's . Is this not a valid solution? `apply` is arguably more expressive here, it makes it immediately clear that we're looking for the largest item in the list.
Practice exams have cooldown time I&#39;m not sure if this is  for all exam problems but 2020w1-mt2 files have a cooldown time of an hour. Shouldn&#39;t practice exams not have a cooldown like the practice problems?
fs-v1.rkt Below is the question and my answer to a question from this starter file.I couldn&#39;t find the solution on edX, but there&#39;s something wrong with my function that leads to ONE failing tests . ;; Element is ;; interp. An element in the file system, with name, and EITHER data or subs.;;         If data is 0, then subs is considered to be list of sub elements.;;         If data is not 0, then subs is ignored.;; ListOfElement is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. A list of file system Elements; .      ;String           ;Integer          ]        [                       ] ;; Functions:; ; PROBLEM; ; Design a function that consumes Element and produces the sum of all the file; data in the tree.; ;; produce the sum of all file data in the tree 1 2 0 3; 0 ;stub         0           0]        [                     ] A quick rundown of how I understood my work:for data definitions, signature, purpose, stubsome check-expectsusing the template given from Element         0           0]        [                     ] sum-of-files: produce 0 if the data of the element is ,  otherwise add the value of the data and the result of add-files of the subs togetheradd-files: produce 0 if the ListOfElement is , otherwise add the result of sum-of-files for the first element in the list and the rnr of the rest of ListOfElements togetherThe only failing test I have is  0. How can I modify my function for this test to not fail?
2022-mt2-p2 Need more explanation ;; Foo is ;;;; Bar is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Baz is ;;;; Bee is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Bix is ;;A, D, F, G are mutual reference.Does it because these data definition are referencing each other eventually? Can we call this as mutual reference? or is there another reason why they are MR?Also, the question ask me;; Are all the self-reference and mutual-reference relationships in these;; type comments well-formed?How can we decide whether the self-reference and mutual-reference relationship are well-formed?
Using lab file as a practice for midterm Can I use the lab files for the labs we already did to practice for the midterm? Are we allowed to submit lab files to the auto-grader now so that I could see how I did?Would this affect my grade for labs?
How to write signature for abstract function? Hello, guys.I am not sure how to find signature for abstract function. Based on what I knew,  we need to see what each parameter consume and produce. I am not sure if my thought is correct or not. For example, at position C1, it takes a value p and produce a list of string. And C2 also did similar thing like take a data y and produce list of y. I am not sure how to approach other parameter. Maybe I got C1 and C2 wrong as well. Could anyone gives a tip when encountering this problem and what need to do?
2022w2-mt2 p3 parameter or argument Screenshot_2023-11-13_at_6.02.42_PM.pngAccording to the solution file, E is a parameter instead of an argument or operand. I&#39;ve already done the research on piazza and differentiated between parameters arguments and operands , and ording to me the answer should be argument or operand but not parameter. Any explanations please? 
Lifting definitions in 2022w1-mt2-p3 Hi! So Part 4’s question in 2022w1-mt2-p3 asks how many definitions are lifted during the evaluation in this code:                                                                                                               ]              ]    I answered 4 because I saw only four local definitions: fn, b, bar, and foo. But the correct answer is 6. Is this because foo is lifted three times? Why is foo lifted 3 times?Following up on that question, how many times will bar be lifted? In my understanding, it will be lifted three times for every element in the list . But if that’s the case, won’t the answer to Part 4 be 8 and not 6?Thanks!
Questions Please tell which terminology would best fit these highlighted portions:Why is the part highlighted as function definition not function body? 
practice exam: 2022w2-mt2 p6 Hi, I’m just wondering about my solution to this question is    PEN COLOR i]                which is different from the solution provided but still works and passes all the additional testsThe solution provided:                       -image                                 SIZE PEN COLORHowever, I got  0%  of    45%  x     choice of abstract functions: incorrect  In the exam, if we use different abstract functions than the solution , will we get  and e marks for that?  
MT2-P6 fn-composition in template origin? The solution is given as this:I don&#39;t understand how this is a fn-composition. There is a notion of two different functions doing seperate tasks, but they aren&#39;t quite linked together the way we usually see... These functions aren&#39;t exactly nested per-se, if we did it as helper functions instead of lambdas it wouldn&#39;t be a fn-composition I don&#39;t think.How is this justified?
Practice Exam: 2021w2-mt2/mt2-p2 How do we know if we are allowed to touch a piece of existing code in a problem? For example, we are given the following completed template-origin metadata tag in 2021W2-MT2/MT2-P2:We are also provided with the following instructions: - the function you design must be called find-grant-with-value - you must include ALL relevant @ metadata tags - you must not comment out any @ metadata tags  - your submission must pass the Check Syntax button - you must use the encapsulated template below in your solution - you must NOT rename any of the local functions inside the template - you must follow all design rules related to templates The solution uses a -catch, but this wasn&#39;t part of the given template-origin tag. Am I allowed to edit it? I have PTSD from editing things that shouldn&#39;t be edited, haha.
Template origin    ]        [                       ]would it be wrong to include ListOfPlayer in the template origin aswell as the function body is based on that.
2021 W1 MT2 For the correct result type, the auto grader only epts integers. If we have this kind of problem on the problem, would it still be correct to use an integer as the result type? I thought we don&#39;t use them any more
2022 w mt2 p6 Why does the signature say you need to produce n-1 visible steps? If pyramid is given 1, we produce 1 rectangle on the side. I don&#39;t see any mention of 0 based indexing ;; produce a pyramid with n-1 visible steps on each side                 PEN COLOR                            -image                             PEN COLOR
2022 w2 mt2 p2 Could someone explain to me why A, D, F, and G are all mutual reference? I had thought of them all as referential.;;;; Foo is ;;;; Bar is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Baz is ;;;; Bee is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Bix is 
2022w2 p2 Why is the self-reference and mutual-reference relationships in these type comments are not well-formed?;;;; Foo is ;;;; Bar is one of:;; - ;; - ;;;; Baz is ;;;; Bee is one of:;; - ;; - ;;;; Bix is ;;
Optimal Abstract Functions Hello, I have a question about using the optimal abstract functions for a problem. I often find myself writing abstract functions and their functions compositions that solve the problem I am ing to do. However, sometimes I e marks on using the most optimal combination. Is there a good way to tell whether the combination I&#39;m using is optimal?What I thought is its based on reducing recomputation, as in we want each abstract function in the composition to do only one task, and avoid needless or g computation. Although I struggle to do problems this way sometimes because I can&#39;t tell if what I&#39;m writing would increase computation. I assume one way of telling that is if my local functions are far too complicated. Any tips or advice would be much appreciated, thank you!
Question 7 For problem 7, this is how I wrote my code: ;; produce list of names of treasure with more than n amount of gold                                                                                                            ;                 ]                         [ ]                         [ ] n                                      rmr2]            I was wondering if I could have done it differently like this:               n                                rmr]              Also, I am not sure if it is ok to have c1 perform so many different functions. Is there any different way of solving this problem?
2022w2-mt2 Problem 1 Hello, I am a bit confused as to why fn-for- produces a boolean here. If someone could point me in the right direction that would be very helpful.  ;provide!!!;; produce units with budget &gt;= budget and that perform task      ;                budget                                                                            #f]                  [                    task                       ]                       ]                  [                                              ]]    
2019W1 MT2 Q8 This is the answer to 2019W1 MT2 Q8, but I had an answer that used different abstract functions.                  Would my proposed function definition below -- which essentially does the same thing -- still get full marks for a question like this?              ]   number-&gt;string
2022 w2 q5 When I submitted my code for 2022 w2 q5, I got this autograder messageError evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:1:0: lambda: found a lambda that is not a function definition  in:   I thought that we were able to use both lambda and local for mt2? 
Local P1 from problem bank Hi, I am wondering why is the function definition lifted 3 times instead of 2 when evaluating .;; ;;    ];;     ;;         ;;         ;;                I thought that it&#39;s only lifted twice because there are 2 numbers in the list, but the solutions lifted it 3 times, and i can&#39;t tell where the last one came from.    
When do we use recursion vs when to use reference I have some practice exams and i have uncertainty, there are some questions which identify which arrow is a reference, or self-ref etc. And there are some questions which ask which are recursion, natural helpers etc. How do i distinguish between the twoOr in a more simple manner when do I say this is a natural recursion instead of a self reference
Would bar still be a cure if the parameter was switched to x? Hi! For this code, I understand that both bar and foo are cures. bar is a cure because its function body uses parameter a, which is a parameter of the encing function. However, what if foo took in a parameter of x instead of a, would bar still be a cure now that bar&#39;s function body doesn&#39;t directly use a parameter of the encing function? The body now is                                                                                                                ]              ]    
2020w1-mt2 Problem 4 description error I think the count test should produce 4 just like the solution posted
Test thoroughness quick select Hello, I am asking about question 4 from 2022w2 m2, which asks us to implement quick select. These are the tests that I submitted that did not satisfy test thoroughness: Number -&gt; Number;; use quickselect to produce the nth smallest element of  ;; CONSTRAINT:  contains no duplicates, and has at least n&#43;1 elements 0 2 0 1 1 2 2 5 3 9 5 6 0 1 7 9 11 16Looking at the solution file, my guess is that I needed to test the case where the nth smallest element is at the end of the list. Is there a general rule for tests on functions searching a list? 
Dr.racket server error I cannot submit my file. What should I do?
Why E is expression, not if statement? I do not know why is that.Is there any tip so solve gsary problem?
2020W2 MT2  Problem 2 Does anyone understand why 6 definitions are lifted each time b is called in the following code? This is question 4 from the 2020w2 midterm 2, thanks!                                                       ]     
where to find definition of terminologies? There are several questions testing about terminologies in recent past midterms, i&#39;m not doing really well on that, however there is also not enough practice for me from the past mts. I want to ask where am i about to find what are all these terminologies corrsponding to?
clarifying the meaning of cure The edX gsary page definition of cure is: A cure is a locally defined function in which the body of the function uses a parameter of the encing function definition. The cure can be defined with local or lambda, but it must be defined inside of another function. In the example below, the helper function bigger? is a cure.I&#39;m not sure if I have understood it correctly: does cure mean a function inside a local   that uses a parameter that is at the top level, and then outside the local , the parameter is replaced by that function definition which consumes the top-level parameter? Thanks
Why would we use ? For 2022 MTW2, the solutions uses  and . Would  and  respectively not be better? Furthermore, if we ever get an  the code would result in  which produces an error.   ]        [                            ]            p]                 [ ]                 [                                                1]]
autograder tests fail I&#39;m still a bit confused on what the &#34;autograder additional tests failed&#34; message means exactly. Does it always mean that my check-expects don&#39;t cover all cases? 
foldr vs foldl I apologize in advance if this is a stupid question/has already been asked and I missed it somewhere.I&#39;m having a hard time wrapping my head around foldl. I feel as though I have a really good understanding of foldr, but I don&#39;t really understand foldl , or when it would be appropriate to used foldl instead of foldr. Can someone please help explain this to me or direct me to course material that explains this? TIA!
Lecture 13 starter confusion On the first problem for the second starter file on lecture 13, we design the function body for the abstract function using a local helper. I am confused on where the value of r is gonna come from because the only input into the function is . I get that r comes from the list itself, but where is that defined?, as that only becomes apparent in the check expects.              ]  also, why do we not call map with  ?
Template origin for abstract fn does it matter to the autograder if we do  or  for a abstract function
Is Three Cure?    2                                          ]     n]In this case: one, four and five are not cure. Two is cure.Is Three a Cure?
2022w1-mt2 Problem 5 - Question about Grading Rubric Hi there,For Problem #5 on 2022w1-mt2, I got all my tests to pass and no errors upon running the file; however, upon checking my mark for that problem, I was surprised to find out I only got 55%. The reason being: &#34;choice of abstract functions: incorrect&#34;. I used 2 &#34;ormap&#34; built-in abstract functions wrapped in an &#34;or&#34; predicate to check that x exists in the first list and not the second. The second ormap is wrapped in a &#34;not&#34;. Now, I understand that a lot of other files have the following line in the instructions:&#34;The result of the function must directly be the result of one of the built-in abstract functions. So, for example, the following would not    be a valid function body:                &#34;But this file didn&#39;t have that, so I don&#39;t see why my solution can&#39;t be epted.
Local function evaluation in Language tab Could someone please explain why the b circled in blue is replaced by its globally defined value of 1, while the b circled in red remains as simply b? For reference this is in the language section of the general website for our class. Thank you.
I get a server error whenever I submit a Pset I already updated the spd.plt pluggin but I get this error: Screenshot_2023-11-12_at_12.25.08_PM.pngScreenshot_2023-11-12_at_12.25.18_PM.pngIt still submits to the handins but im just wondering what this means.
2020 W2 MT2 Q2 Could someone please explain why two is a cure? It&#39;s body is , and b is a locally defined constant, so I&#39;m not sure why two would be considered a cure. Would it be because the locally defined constant uses n? Thanks!                                                       ]    
Concat- Problem Bank The problem for concat it seems redudant to go through the natural recursion because it&#39;s a simple append case for the two list , so would my function be marked wrong if i write it like this, solution function also pasted down below:;; Given the data definition below, design a function called concat that;; consumes two ListOfString and produces a single list with all the elements ;; of lsta preceding lstb.;;;;   should produce:;; ;; ;;;; You are basically going to design the function append using a cross product ;; of type comments table. Be sure to simplify your design as much as possible.;; You MUST NOT USE append in your solution!;;;; Hint: Think carefully about the values of both lists. You might see a way to ;; change a cell&#39;s content so that 2 cells have the same value.;; =================;; Data Definitions:;; ListOfString is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of strings;; =================;; Functions:;; concat the two lst of string                                                         #|                             l2                             -----l1-----                                                                 l1   [2]                l2 [1]             l1   [2]             [3]|#   l2]        [ l1]        [         ];SOLUTION#;   lsta] ;        [ lstb] ;        [                ;                         lstb]              
Missed Lab 04 Hello, I had missed my Lab04 due to me not being aware that it was rescheduled to another day for that week. When I was aware, I spoke to one of the TAs in my section asking if there was anything I could do, however, they said there was nothing. Today I came across the fact that we could have completed a concession form, which would have worked at the time as it was within 7 days . Does one missed lab have a effect on my lab grade? If yes, is there anything I could do to combat this and how much does it affect it? Thank you for your time, I know this is very delayed. 
What would constitute a malformed mutual reference relationship? I know that all self-references must have base cases and self-referential cases, however I cant seem to find any documentation on what would make an MR malformed.Thanks!
Parameter vs operand? Seeing the discussion @1094 I just have a few clarifying questions about operands using examples.If a parameter/argument appears in a function call/definition... ie:  ...Prior to running is p considered an operand? is 12 also?If a variable appears in a function body... ie:                                                                                Is the body instance of p considered a parameter, an operand, or both Thanks
Unweighted Average of 50% Just a quick question, when it says we need a 50% average on the 3 exams, does that mean that we need a total of 32.5 of the possible 65? or does it mean we take the percent average of each exam and just divide it by 3? I ask since each of the 3 exams are worth different amounts. Thanks!
2019 W1 MT2 Q4 Can someone explain how the part 2 answer to this question?why is there a 4 there?in the body i got  but x obviously wasn&#39;t defined. So i didnt know what to do. How is there a 4 there instead of the x?
Clarification on &#34;DO NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE&#34; in midterm I was working on MT2 from 2022w2 and it said &#34;DO NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE&#34; right below a list of given check-expects. However, the autograder expects additional check expects for test validity and thoroughness.So, are we allowed to add additional check-expects as we see fit? Thank you!
2020w1-mt2 Problem4 Starter description error Please fix the description error in this problem starter.;; Complete the design of the the abstract fold function for Person. You;; must add the following to the start we have provided below:;;;;  - signature;;  - copy test that copies P3;;  - count test that counts the number of people in P4, which is 4 &lt;- P4 does not exist in previous data definition examples
BSTs P5 - Balance Factor In the above problem solution, there is the following code:The template for BST was:I thought removing the cond all together would violate the template rules, is that not ? If not why?Thank you
what is the case when we use the original template of abstract function? Isn&#39;t it functionally the same? what is the difference between using fold function and the original template?;; search tree for course w/ given number; if found produce credits 189  203 #|;; ;; This searches the entire tree every time! It does not stop at the first;; course found.;;;; So we should use the original encapsulated templates instead.;;                              num                rmr                                      rmr                rnr]    |# -catch encapsulated               n                                                        ]                  [                            ]                                                                          ]]    
2020 w1 p5 Why does the signature have Arbre instead of Y? Hi! I am confused about why the second argument of the third overall argument is Arbre instead of just Y? If Fruit is , does that immediately imply that it is Arbre?;; Arbre is ;; Fruit is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; Enter your signature here:  Y Arbre -&gt; X;; Abstract fold for Arbre;; check-expects intentionally omitted from this question                                                 ;X                       b1]                  [                                          ]]   ;Y    
Can we have signature in 2 lines? Can we have signature in 2 lines?
Question about cure                a]              0]    0Here, is fn_3 a cure?
DrRacket Handin Glitch Resolved. Just had to restart racket :.
2022w mt2 problem4 Do I still need to include use-abstract-fn in the template-origin even though I used filter inside the local ? Thanks!
Check-expects for abstraction Even though we delete the extra base case tests as per the modules when writing check-expects , do we have to do this? Can we keep the extra base case test, or can we simply keep the extra tests that test for for example 2 one-g tests if we feel comfortable doing so. Or, will it be marked as wrong?
2020 Mt-2 q2 last part I am confused as to how the function lifts a definition 15 times? I have sent the code below, could you please explain how I determine the number and I understand a function is lifted when it is removed from the local and is renamed. e.g.   ]will be lifted to   Here is question 2&#39;s solution:;; Question 5:;; In total, how many definitions are lifted when the expression;;  is evaluated?  ;replace 99.9 with your answer  Here is the outer function   2                                         ]     n]
Does the order of the X Y Z in signature matter? Autograder give this error, does it means all the X Y Z need to be in that place? can i replace all the X with Y and all the Y change to Z? will that still get marks off from autograder?
22w mt2 problem 3 In the gsary page of edX, it says &#34;The parameter appear in parentheses just after the function name.&#34; However, in the solution of this problem, E can be a parameter which I don&#39;t understand. I thought only the &#34;lob&#34; after the function name is parameter, and the other &#34;lob&#34;s in the function body should be operands. What&#39;s more, can E be &#34;expression&#34;? Thanks!
Abstract fold - Problem Bank fold-dir            ; Dir -&gt; X                                                                       ;  -&gt; Y             b1]                  [                                          ]                           ;  -&gt; Z             b2]                  [                                          ]]    ;; look for a dir named name, if found produce , otherwise produce                                 rdirs                                            ]    For this abstract fold above, there was a question in the problem bank asking why this fold-dir abstract fold function would not be the best way to code this function as it continues searching the rest of the tree for a certain directory name even after it has found it. I can&#39;t wrap my head around why it continues traversing down the tree. I thought that when the primitive or was evaluated to , it stops. I tried expanding the fold but I still don&#39;t understand it            ; Dir -&gt; X             str                                         ;  -&gt; Y             ]                  [                                          ]                           ;  -&gt; Z             ]                  [                   ]]  
Confusion about abstract function signature   Y Z Z Agent -&gt; X A5  &#43; 0 0 0 A5                                                                                                   b1]                  [                                          ]                        b2]                  [ b3]]        This is the function for fold-agent from 2023s mt2. I&#39;m a little confused why the result of 1st argument of overall signature, 1st argument of 2nd argument of overall, and result of overall are the same. Also, I don&#39;t really get why the result of the second argument of the overall function is Y.
why do we put c0 Literally, why do we put c0 here? not c?  Y Course -&gt; X ;; abstract fold for Course C110                                              ]                              20 encapsulated    ;--&gt; X                                                               ;--&gt; Y             b1]                  [                                             ]]    
lecture on the day of MT2? Hi, just wanted to confirm whether there will be no lecture for mt2 like it was for mt1. The schedule only had the mt time 
2022 w1 mt2 p3 Is my reasoning correct? Hi! The question is asking which function is a cure. Can someone check if my reasoning is correct: bar is a cure because it calls on foo, which takes in parameter a which is a parameter of the encing function doit. However, the function foo is not a cure because while it takes in parameter a, it is not a parameter of the encing function, which is bar in this case. Is this correct? 
MT-2 Question 6 2020 I dont understand how the solution for p6 creates this fractal   ]        [         ]                                           ]I had done exactly this but this seems to have no genrec, it produces the same image but larger. The image being produced is below:I was stuck on how i include genrec in this question, could anyone explain that as well. THANK YOU SO MUCH
Question regarding to generative recursion I was solving 2022-w1-mt2-p4 .The idea is simple, use generative recursion:ASSUME THE LIST IS NON-EMPTY1. Pick a random element e 2. Each time we split the list into two sub-lists. one with all element less than e, one with all element greater than e. we call these two lists p and q3. If n is less than the length of p, the answer is the n-th smallest element of p;    If n is equal to p, the answer is e;    Otherwise, the answer is the n -  - 1 -th smallest element of q.Apparently the function would terminate, since each time we picked a sub-list.However, if I write my function like this:                                               ]                                e             1I t 10 marks because I didn&#39;t use the generative recursion template:if         In the given solution, there is this line:   ]However, I think that removing this line does not affect the correctness of our algorithm at all.Must we rigidly follow the template given?
pre-class zoom song suggestion since we&#39;re doing oldies, i recommend Lady Writer by Dire Straits, nothing like a clean guitar solo to start the day!
can we directly use foldr for mutual reference? If I want to use foldr for a mutual reference  do I need to first design it and then use it, or I can directly use it just like when it&#39;s only about a lox ? Thanks!
23s mt2 expression vs function definition In 23s mt2 p2, I am wondering why E isn&#39;t a function body , and why expression is the best to describe E because expression seems pretty vague, everything in Dr Racket can be called an expression. Thanks!
"2022 w2 mt2 p4 Super confused about this code Hi! I am very confused about the code for this question. This is the question:quickselect produces the nth smallest element in the given list , where n is a parameter to the function. In this version of quickselect we are  allowing you to place 2 additional constraints on the arguments:   - the list contains no duplicates   - the list contains at least n&#43;1 elements Note that this is a generative recursion problem. You should use the genrec template, and your function should work as follows:   - take the first element of the list  as a pivot , and split the     list into two new lists, one with elements less than p  and one     with elements &gt; than p    - if the &lt;p sublist contains the nth element of , produce the result     of recursing on that sublist and n   - if p is the nth element of  produce p   - otherwise produce the result of recursing on the second sublist and an     appropriately reduced nI am confused about the code in the . Why are we reducing the n to  1 ? I went through a check expect example step by step and it definitely works, but how could we have thought of using this? Where did this come from exactly? 	 ]        [                                               ]            p]                 [ ]                 [                   1]]"
2022 mt2 problem 2 Why is this MR? Hello! I am quite confused about why arrow A is a mutual reference. The definition for Bar does not have Foo in it, so how can this be a mutual reference? I do notice that Bar references Baz, and Baz references Bee, which has a reference to Foo, but I am not sure if this counts as a mutual reference? It is kind of an &#34;indirect&#34; mutual reference, so would it still count?;;;; Foo is ;;;; Bar is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Baz is ;;;; Bee is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Bix is ;;
2021-W1-MT2 Problem 1 Question Regarding Arrow Labelling This relates to labelling the arrows in the figure below. We can use any of the following labels.     &#34;R&#34;    for reference    &#34;SR&#34;   for self-reference    &#34;MR&#34;   for mutual-reference    &#34;NH&#34;   for natural helper    &#34;NR&#34;   for natural recursion    &#34;NMR&#34;  for natural mutual recursion2 questions:- Arrows A, C, D, E form a circular reference - therefore they should all be considered mutual reference. Is this correct?- When are natural helpers, natural recursions, natural mutual recursions used as labels. I believe that there was another problem  where we had to label the arrows to a similar problem and neither of these terms were specified.
What does this requirement for no recursion mean? When writing a function with built-in abstract functions and it requires that &#34;The function definition and any helper functions you design MUST NOT be recursive.&#34;, what exactly does this mean? Does it mean that we cannot have a natural recursion or mutual reference?? 
2023 mt2 problem 4 Why did we not include fn-for-team and fn-for-loa in our signature? Hello! I am very confused about the signature for problem 4 and would appreciate some help. Here is the solution. I&#39;m wondering, why don&#39;t we need to include specific signatures for fn-for-team and fn-for-loa in our first overall argument? Here they have been simplified to Z and Y, but why wouldn&#39;t it be   -&gt; X ? Why didn&#39;t we need to include the arguments for fn-for-team and fn-for-loa ? Thank you so much!  Y Z Z Agent -&gt; X A5  &#43; 0 0 0 A5                                                                                                   b1]                  [                                          ]                        b2]                  [ b3]]        
2023 mt2 problem 2: Why is F not a &#34;function call expression&#34;? Hello! I am wondering why F would not be considered a function call expression? The answer is function name, but aren&#39;t we calling the function ouster here? 
2023s-mt2 problem2 I have a problem with the &#34;B&#34; why it is considered  as an operand instead of argument.I have looked the definiton of these two gsary, and it said that:ArgumentAn argument is a value that passed to a function or a primitive operation when it is called. The arguments are the values that result from evaluating the operands in the function or primitive call. See parameter for a discussion of the differences between operands, arguments and parametersOperandThe expressions following the function name in a function call expression  are called operands.ParameterA parameter is an identifier  used in a function declaration that represents the changing value, or the variable. The parameter appear in parentheses just after the function name. Within the body of the function the parameters stand for the arguments each time the function is called.Though I can understand that it can be considered as an operand because it is an expression following the function name ouster, it also fulfil the definition of argument, since it is a value passed to a function ouster and the function has been defined. What&#39; more, I am wondering which part should be --if expression in these codes. The solution told us E is an &#34;expression&#34; instead of &#34;if expression&#34; Can anybody help me with these problem? Thanks!!!
Potential Autograder Problem for 2020w1-mt2 2020w1-mt2 p7 starterproblem 9I am pretty sure I didn&#39;t edit any tests but autograder halted grading for editing tests. 
IMPORTANT Update to PSET 08 starter! There&#39;s an update to the set 08 starter.If you have not started the problem set you can just re-download the starter and use the new starter.If you have started the problem set you can do the update by hand.  There are two steps:Delete the LOC1 constant and replace replace every occurrence of LOC1 with .The LOC1 constant should not have been there. It&#39;s bad practice to support tests with constants in data definitions.Move the  from where it is to earlier in the file.  It should now appear in the following place:;;;; Before completing problems 3, 4, and 5, please familiarize;; yourself with the provided data definition for a Cat.;; An example  is also provided.;;
2020 W1 M2 Problem 3 ;; Design a function called descending-from-n? that consumes a list of integers;; and a natural N and produces  if the list is a descending sequence;; starting with N and ending with 1The instruction states to produce  if the list is starting with N AND ending with 1.So, I wrote one of my check-expects as this because it does not end with 1.However, the solution&#39;s check-expect was producing  0 Is there any reason why?
Rules for Encapsulating Given this example from the modules, I was wondering if we have to include the individual signature and purpose for the functions being encapsulated into the local. Is it fine if we just keep the signature/purpose for the function being globally defined here so sort-, which would be;; ListOfNumber -&gt; ListOfNumber;; sort the numbers in  in increasing order               ]                  [                                              ]                           ;; Number ListOfNumber -&gt; ListOfNumber          ;; insert n in proper position in           ;; ASSUME:  is sorted in increasing order                       ]                  [                    n                                               ]]    
Thursday Morning Clicker 1 During the morning lecture for the first clicker, I thought Gregor said that he would take C, D, or E for the first clicker . However, the clicker only took C and D. I was wondering if maybe that was a mistake or I possible didn&#39;t hear a change in that decision?Thanks!
Is using lambda always preferred? Hi! Is it always preferred that we use lambda when it is appropriate? Will we be deducted marks on the exam if we don&#39;t use lambda when we could have? Thank you so much!
iClicker grade calculations How are iClicker grades calculated in terms of our final grade? Are they going to be based on how many points you get in total out of all of the iClickers? Or is it going to be lecture-based ? 
What makes backtracking search special? I&#39;m looking at the backtracking search template, and it looks to be pretty much the same as a mutual arity tree template that includes -catch. If so, then what makes backtrack searching special? or have we just always been doing it without calling it &#34;backtracking search&#34;?
Question on 2022w2-mt2 part2  ;; Foo is ;;;; Bar is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Baz is ;;;; Bee is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;;;; Bix is This is the type comment;; Are all the self-reference and mutual-reference relationships in these;; type comments well-formed?and this is the question.The correct answer is &#34;NO&#34;. Is this because of [B]? If it is, why can&#39;t Foo have a self-reference? 
Abstraction Fold-Course signature Will it be always that the trampoline will indicate the signature for result type and input result type will be we feed will be the data type?IMG_0561.jpg
Questions Regarding 2022 WT1 MT2 Problem 3 - Totally Lost On This Problem! This problem relates to the local evaluation of the doit function. I have 2 questions:1. I&#39;d like to confirm my definition of a cure statement: A cure statement relates to a function that is called within an abstract function and is defined within a local expression - in this case the function bar is called by the map abstract function and is defined within the enced local statement. Therefore bar is considered a cure statement.2. I really don&#39;t get why 6 definitions are lifted during the evaluation of the function. Likewise, why is foo lifted 3 times?I&#39;ve provided my breakdown of the function evaluation below. Can you let me know where I may be incorrect?                                                                                                               ]              ]    ; 1. Replace the body of doit with a = 3,  =                                                                                                  ]            ]  ; 2. Rename, lift, replace in 1 step                                                 ]    ; 3. Evaluate map  ; 4. Evaluate : replace x = 1                                      ]  ; 5. Rename, lift, replace in 1 step              ; 6. Replace body of foo_1 with y = 3        ; 7. Evaluate if statement    ; 8. Replace with  statement; 9. Replace b_0; 10. Evaluate foldr; 11. Evaluate the inner expression; 12. Replace body of fn_0, x = 9  ; 13. Evaluate if statement ; 14. Replace if expression with  statement14
Question Regarding 2022 WT1 MT2 Problem 5 I noticed that there are multiple ways to solve Problem 5 of 2022 WT1 MT2. However, I&#39;ve used the following code  and the Autograder tells me that I&#39;m using the wrong abstract functions:  -&gt; Boolean;; produce  if a given number is in the first list, but not in the second            ;     ]     I was therefore wondering if the Autograder expects us to use the exact same functions as shown in their solution. If not, are we expected to use lambda functions within our built in functions   this?Here&#39;s the code in the solution to the problem:  ;; There are numerous ways ways to write this. probably the simplest  ;; is the following:  ;;  two things have to be  -&gt; and  ;;    one of the elements of this must be x -&gt; ormap  ;;    every element of that must not be x   -&gt; andmap    this         that  #;    this         that
Defining functions in local vs top-level function Hello! I realized that I am quite confused about when we can define functions in local and when we need to define it as a top-level function. For example, in the Sudoku 9b module on edX, why did we need to define the helper function valid-board? as a top-level function? Why couldn&#39;t we have defined it in a local? ;;  -&gt; ;; produce list containing only valid boards              ;  ;stub   ;; Board -&gt; Boolean;; produce  if no unit on the board has the same value twice;  otherwise         
Practice Problems The practice problems that used to be on edX are now at https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/The versions of the problems there are updated to the new course format and are the ones you should use. The ones on edX should have been turned off g ago actually.Questions to this thread please.
Edx Practice problems Why did they get rid of the edge x prac problems that used to be at the end of each module. How are we supposed to study for the midterm if we can&#39;t even ess the practice work?
Is problem set 9 coming on sunday? Just wondering since the usual due dates for psets seem to have changed from here on out, thanks!
Local P3 Solution I know this question has been posted before, but now as all the practice problems on edx have dissappeared, where can we ess the solution to Local P3? This was the solution on problem bank for the question.;; ;; Solution;; 
Autograder down I&#39;m ing to submit for pset-8 and handin racket files appear but there are no grading report files. I&#39;ve also tried submitting the setup-test files but there are also no grading report. Is this just an issue for me or for everyone  as well?Edit: solved, it was just super delayed for like 2 minutes
Confused about helper functions inside local Hello! I am a little confused about helper functions inside local. For pset 7 last question, the solution says that we can define a helper function. However, if we choose not to have a helper function and just write the function inside local, will we be deducted any marks on the exam for technically not following the helper function rules?                                     3                                                                            ]                  [                                              ]]     ;;;; It is possible but unecessary to write it this way.;;#;                                                                           ]                   [                                                ]           ;; helper based on knowledge domain shift                                           3                  ]     
Is the following process/reflection a good algorithm to solve search problems? Don&#39;t read if you don&#39;t have the time, I understand its a lot!I&#39;d just like some input on the process I took to rework and learn from the lecture starter today.Thanks!
Small error in starter file for 2020w1-mt2/mt2-p4/ At the top of the start file  for 2020w1-mt2/mt2-p4/ it says: ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! where it should say: ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE!This causes the file to not run and also not be able to hand in. Just wanted to quickly bring this up to save the rest of y&#39;all the headache :
Question From Practice Exam I was working on 2022-w1-mt2-p5. However, I only got 95.  I looked at the standard code and found out that I missed the &#34;fn-composition&#34; tag. However, I really don&#39;t understand why.Here is the function :                  this         thatI think that it looks like a combination of functions rather than a composition of functions.
Other solution I was doing Abstraction P6 in the problem bank and got the test running but a function different from the solution , could you check if it is correct?;; SOLUTION CHOICE ONE:   identity;; SOLUTION CHOICE TWO:#;               1]                                       n                                0]   l-oddThe first code block is the epted solutions and the second one is my code
Midterm 2 Office Hours Zoom sessions can also be joined via the Zoom tab in Canvas. All times listed are in Pacific Standard Time . Midterm office hours are scheduled to take place in addition to regularly scheduled office hours. However, please note that all regularly scheduled TA office hours are cancelled on the day of the midterm exams and the day after the midterm exams . TADayTimeLocation/LinkNandita &amp; PushyaThursday, November 910:00-11:00DLC  Table 4Muhammad &amp; TinaThursday, November 913:00-14:00DLC  Table 4Ashtan &amp; TheresaThursday, November 916:00-17:00DLC  Table 4Abby &amp; David FFriday, November 1011:30-12:30DLC  Table 4Jason &amp; WilliamFriday, November 1014:30-15:30DLC  Table 4David L &amp; MariusFriday, November 1017:30-18:30DLC  Table 4Christie &amp; ShashwatSunday, November 1210:00-12:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Caleb &amp; JoySunday, November 1212:00-14:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Jiayin &amp; SamrathSunday, November 1214:00-16:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Grace &amp; SeanSunday, November 1216:00-18:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Isabel &amp; SamiTuesday, November 1409:00-10:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Linda &amp; MuslimTuesday, November 1410:00-11:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Sarah &amp; TerryTuesday, November 1413:00-14:00DLC  Table 7Muslim &amp; BartTuesday, November 1414:30-15:30Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Angelina &amp; EdwardTuesday, November 1416:00-17:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Mark &amp; MartinTuesday, November 1419:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Abigail &amp; JoshWednesday, November 1511:30-12:30DLC  Table 4Anrui &amp; KathrynWednesday, November 1514:30-15:30DLC  Table 7Minh &amp; WyattWednesday, November 1517:30-18:30DLC  Table 4
Gregor&#39;s reading break office hours As you all know, midterm 2 comes right after the reading break.  Depending on perspective this is a good thing  or a bad thing . In any event, it&#39;s a thing, we couldn&#39;t get enough rooms any other time.To support with this Emily is working with the TAs to schedule a mix of online and face-to-face office hours during the reading break.For myself:On Tuesday November 14th, I will have online office hours 9:30 to 11:30. https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09On Wednesday November 15th, I will face-to-face office hours 11:00 to 1:00  in ICCS 238.
Solution for step-by-step evaluation in bank is blank #|Consider the following definition:  ]            n        Now consider the evaluation of the expression .  During thatevaluation one or more definitions may be lifted.  Write those lifteddefinitions and only those lifted definitions below.Stepping questions like this one have ONLY ONE CORRECT ANSWER.  The goalof this problem is to assess whether you have learned the exact BSL stepby step evaluation rules; not whether you can figure out the final resultof an expression.|#;; write your answer below here  ]            n        ;    3        3    ]              2         ;    2    Since the answer to the question doesn&#39;t show and the auto-grader doesn&#39;t work, I would like one of the TAs or Gregor to have a look at this, please let me if I am missing any steps or have done anything wrong.Edit: I noticed my mistake, but is the stepping correct?
Why are we adding arb-tree to our template origin now? In past mutual recursion templates/functions, even when encapsulating I don&#39;t remember us adding this tag, is there any specific reason we add it now, or should we consider it common practice from now on?Thanks!
For lecture of search Hi, I am kinda confused about the signature of @htdf solvable?What genrec stands for and how to use it?
starter files This may be a very late question, but are lecture starters marked?
Lab Grading Marks Back I was wondering when we&#39;ll be able to see our grades with the short/g grading during labs? Where can we see this when this comes out? I want to know how I&#39;m doing in the class so far.
do we exclude the 4 days lowest iclicker? As I remember,  we changed the policy of the clicker.do we exclude the lowest for 4 days?
questions on mutual recursion/ mutual reference/ self reference From what I understand, self reference is allowing elements to have arbitrary amount and mutual reference is to have arbitrary depth. But what does it actually mean by arbitrary depth and what are the differences?And how is natural mutual reference different from mutual reference and natural reference?Lastly could you name out and briefly define what it means for all the recursion/references?  I somehow am able to define what it is from the definitions but I am still very confused when it comes to the meaning and the reason why we are using it. Thank you in advance!
Edx for maze? Hi I noticed that there’s no edx video for today’s topic . Is that correct? 
2023s-mt2 problem 3, questions on test validity           These are my check-expects and I am not getting a full mark on &#34;test validity&#34;. All the arguments must conform to the function&#39;s signature; and the result value must be correct for those arguments.I believe all of the function examples match the signature and the results are also valid.Is there some other standard for full marks from the autograder? or is it there something wrong that I am not noticing in my check-expects? 
local lifting definition semantics consider the local definition:] ...when using drracket&#39;s stepper, it makes 2 steps:    &lt;- step 1            &lt;- step 2in our answer to a stepping question, clearly we can&#39;t do two redundant definitions. so, which one would be preferable?step 1? where the expression in the definition is not yet evaluatedorstep 2? where we have to evaluate the expression in the definition, and put it in our lifted definition
2020 W1 M2 P6 I am solving this Genrec fractal image problem with a given link PDF for the model answer. http://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/exams/trees.pdfI am unable to find the page. Can I get the link for the pdf? 
template-origin for use-abstract-fn and other data type Hi, I just want to make sure that we still need to include another data type for template-origin if we use selectors of that data type. I feel like we did not need to include it after we started using local, but the solution from problem bank has it. That&#39;s why I just want to double check, thank you! Here&#39;s the copy from the solution:                ]    
check-expects for Abstract Fold Functions. Is it  that we cannot call first and rest/ compound data selectors in general when we need to define a function in a local to pass through an abstract fold function for a check-expect? If so, why is this?
7b: Local Evaluation Rules Is the &#34;b&#34; shown by the arrow supposed to be also replace by 1? This is a screenshot from one of the edx videos!
Disappointed with academic concession I had gotten Covid in the end of September and missed my lab due to it. I submitted an academic concession for several hours before the lab and as of November 6th I have not gotten any response. Not only am I now anxious about the result but It also makes me hesitant to  any lab for health reasons again. Just telling me that “as g as you had a valid reason” will not suffice. If you cannot provide me with my answer right now at least give me a time line. 
Practice Problem Error 404 Is it just me or is the practice problem for 2-one-of merge not there?
2023 mt2 p3 The signature for this question is:Are we supposed to write such signatures or template-origins as ListOfString or ?
Midterm 2 - IMPORTANT regarding problem numbering This message addresses two important details about the problem numbering in midterm 2.  While these are just details, we don&#39;t want them to surprise you on the midterm.FIRST is that the midterm will have 7 problems.  It isn&#39;t so much ger than prior midterms, as it is that we are splitting things out into separate problems in separate files so that any red errors don&#39;t affect as much of the grading.  It is still the case that a red error will cause a given file to get 0 marks, but with each file containing less of the exam the effect of a red error will be reduced.SECOND is that we previously announced that midterm 2 problem 3 would replace your midterm 1 problem 4 score.  We are keeping this policy, except that it will be midterm 2 problem 5 that will replace your midterm 1 problem 4 score.  This change allows us to order the problems on midterm 2 better.  It does not represent any change in our policy about replacing midterm 1 problem 4 score.  For greater clarity, the revised policy is:After midterm 2, your midterm 1 problem 4 score will become the higher of the original score and your midterm 2 problem 5 score. So if for any reason you did poorly on midterm 1 problem 4 you have a chance to make that up by doing well on problem 5 of midterm 2.
Signature Style Rules Hi, I was just wondering if it&#39;s eptable to have a two line signature?
Cross Product Table Code If we need to include a cross product table in our program, is it okay to leave only the template for some of the more complicated cases , or should we copy-paste the code from the completed function into the cross product table?
2019 W1 M2 Problem 4                               ]            ]  I went over the stepper and noticed that  is lifted only once and the second local  is lifted 3 times.                 if the  is  producing   , shouldn&#39;t there be 3 different foos and 3 different bars?
No Iclickers on Tuesday? I saw that there are no pre lecture work for the Tuesday&#39;s lecture, does that mean there are no iclickers that day?
Midterm 2 Question 2 2020 Exam WT1 Why is p? not a cure?  According to the gsary, a cure is when the parameter of the encing function definition is used in the function body. p? uses n, a parameter, in its body. So wouldn&#39;t it be considered a cure?   2                                         ]     n]
Cures and Lifted Definitions. Hello.I hope these questions are specific. Why &#34;bar&#34; is a cure but not &#34;foo&#34;, for example.? What characterises a cure? When counting the total number of lifted definitions, are &#34;foo&#34; and &#34;doit&#34; lifted  twice?  Thank you
Lifted Definitions, Cures, and Evaluation of Locals. Hello. What is the method to calculate the number of definitions lifted in locals? How to decide if a function inside a local is a cure? How to decide the result of the evaluation?Specifically, I was looking at P-03 of 2022-W1 MT2, and I did not get any of the questions right. If possible, please refer me to the material in the course where this concept is explained. Thank you. 
General question about generative recurrsion So since the lecture, I have been struggling a bit on how gen rec exactly works when we program functions with them. From what im understanding, it seems like unlike previous functions we designed where we made the data, now the function is making its own data However, I am bit confused on what exactly a generative recursion is... It would be cool if someone could clear it up a bit. Would a good approach to understanding it more be through doing all the problem bank questions relating to generative recursion like what we have done with the other modules? Or would it also be a good idea to look back at the edx and lecture and carefully analyze what is going on in each part of a function working with generative recursion first?
foldr confusion in odds-minus-evens                                               ]    In the odds-minus-evens function, why do we use  and  and not  /? I know it doesn&#39;t work because I&#39;ve tried it, but I can&#39;t quite explain to myself why.
Abstract vs. fold functions Hello, I am just a bit confused on what the difference is between writing an abstract function vs. a fold function.Would abstract function just be using built in abstract functions ?Additionally, I believe fold functions are when we have placeholders  and local so that other functions can call the fold function and use it.I think I just need a little clarification, thank you in advance!
2021 W1 Midterm2 Problem 4  ;base                                                                                             This is the solution to the problem 4.                                                                                                             ]and this is my trivial case.why should I be using  instead of just n?
Where can i get the m08-raining-eggs-refactor solution? Title. Its the pre-lecture 14 starter file.
lecture-16 page is updated Here&#39;s what it says about pre-work.Before LectureThere is no pre-lecture work for this lecture. It will be a fun and challenging lecture, so please show up with bells on.
Built-in abstract functions questions Do I need to know how to write the function definitions for Built-in abstract functions? If so, can you explain how to write the function for build-list?
Can anyone explain to me how these code work? ;; produce pyramid of circles n high, w n on bottom row -image CIRCLE                                                 ; -image;;;; this function has to make a stack of n rows, and each row has;; to have n elements.  So it will have two compositions of foldr;; and build-list.;;;;;; NOTE: This function makes a stack n high of rows that can be n;;       wide.  So if we did it with the recursive Natural template;;       there would be two functions on that template. One to make;;       n rows and one to make each row.;;;;       Once again we have done some significant templating for you.   CIRCLE                       ]        ;; the visible pyramid is one smaller than the     ;; one that includes the base case -images               This code is from the lecture.Can anyone explain this code in detail step by step?Especially, I do not get why we put  on stack. Because we need to decrease n, not increase I guessHelp me plz...
Confused about why we can&#39;t use fold-course Hi! This is from the lecture on Tuesday. I am still very confused about why we can&#39;t use fold-course here. What does it mean we &#34;don&#39;t have course to put here&#34;? Why can&#39;t we put c0? If we put c0, wouldn&#39;t it add c0 to the list of rmr and we can get a list of the courses we want through the mutual recursion?;; Complete the design of the following function.;;;; NOTE: you are going to run into a problem doing it with the use-abstract-fn;;        to do that anyways so we can talk about the problem;;;; produce list of courses in tree that have &gt;= credits                 #|;; we can&#39;t do this with fold-course!                                   ;&lt;&lt;&lt;don&#39;t have the course to put here!                rmr                    ]    ;; Instead we use the original encapsulated type templates|#
lecture 16 pre-lecture where is the pre-lecture for lecture 16?
Problem Set 8 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 8.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students must not answer other student&#39;s questions about problem sets.
Lab Attendance I was in today&#39;s L1L lab 8. I missed the Pset, so I didn&#39;t get called up for grading. I just noticed that they didn&#39;t take my attendance for the lab as I was focused on the lab problem. Could someone please tell me what should I do?
Question -  Best Practice for Filter suppose bar is a struct of x, a Natural and y, a StringIf I need to find all the bars in a list of bars that has an odd-x and y=“”, should I use            &#34;&#34;]  or                           &#34;&#34;]  personally I prefer the latter one because it only goes over the list once, and the use-case doesn’t have any domain knowledge shift. But please let me know what the best practice is.Thanks!
When to use generative recursion I have some trouble understanding when to use generative recursion and what exactly is generative recursion. Like, natural recursion is when the function is called in the second part. Mutual Recursion is when both functions call each other. If i had made some error in the interpretation please fix me. Thank you very much
lecture 15 About lecture 15, do we have to always include three part termination argument  in our midterm.
Are there 2 answers? shouldn&#39;t both 3rd and 4th answers correct? What&#39;s the difference between them, and in what case is the 4th answer wrong?
Why must the starting value be greater than or equal to 0? In the edX videos about Termination Arguments , the three-part termination arguments for stri and scarpet have the constraint s $$\geq 0$$. I was wondering why that constraint is necessary, since wouldn&#39;t the base case run even if s were less than 0?The three-part termination argument for stri:Construct a three part termination argument for stri.Base case: Reduction step: Argument that repeated application of reduction step will eventually reach the base case:As g as cutoff is &gt; 0 and s starts &gt;= 0, repeated division by 3 will eventually reach base case.The stri function:                             ]                 
Abstraction I am stuck on this abstraction problem. What am I doing wrong?;; produce n&#43;1 nested boxes, the smallest is quite small -image                                                                                                  ; -image ; stub    1                  ]     ;;;; 3 -&gt;  -&gt;;;       -&gt;;;      ;;            ;;             -&gt;;;      ;;               ;;               ;;;; which is 
Using Abstract Fold Functions When using Abstract Fold Functions when designing specific functions, would we use the signature we would normally use or copy it from the abstract fold function definition and fill that in?
Problem set grading for missed lab I am going to miss lab 9, and therefore also miss my ta assessment for pset8. So I have completed pset8 today. I have my lab 8 today - is it possible to do both pset7 and pset8 assessments today?
lecture starter solutions Hi, I wonder where we can have ess to the solution starters from M08.Thank you.
using cons and list in the same question? Hi, I thought I&#39;d ask this question since the solution is already posted. I&#39;m reviewing the solutions to pset6 and the solution used cons in their function definitions for a couple questions while the check-expects used list. I used list for both the check-expects and the function definition because I wanted to test ger cases. I understand that it&#39;s fine to use either cons or list when you want to produce a list of something because list basically abbreviates cons, but I don&#39;t get how they could be used interchangeably in the same question. If we used cons in the definition, wouldn&#39;t the result of a check-expect look like: instead of: ?*this check-expect was pulled from the solution
Can’t load edx Hi, it seems like edx is down on my device right now, does anyone have the same problem? 
t Mac charger Hi,I left my charger at room x250 yesterday night , just wondering if it was picked up by anyone by any chance, cuz this morning when I went to get my charger during Tuesday&#39;s first lab it was gone.Please let me know if it is found, it is a dark grey Mac charger for Mac air 2023.Much appreciated.
 vs. ListOfX From now on and in the ensuing midterms are we expected to write ListOfX as  in our template origins and signatures or just for those within the scope of abstraction and beyond?Thanks!
Lab 6 Challenge Question I attempted the lab 6 challenge question, which asks to design a function that produces a list of the sentences in a given sentence tree.I was able to get it to produce a list of sentences, but for sentences with more than one sub tree, I wasn&#39;t sure how to make the function go back into the tree and produce a prefix again but with another sub tree. For context, here is the function I have:             ]        [                                  &#34; &#34;                                             ]The all-sentences--t function just appends the first sentence tree with the rest. For example, &#34;WE ARE&#34; appended to the first sub tree &#34;IN A BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIAL ABOUT MONO&#34;, but didn&#39;t for &#34;PERCHED ON THE TIP OF A SINKING SHIP&#34;. How can I improve my existing function to align with the expected test result? 
Local P3 Solution Hi, am I misinterpreting that the solution file to Local P3 from the problem bank is incomplete? The file, when I opened it, only contains the following: ;; ;; Solution;; 
Question regarding X Y Z used in signatures Hi, I was doing the signatures for abstract functions and wanted to know if X Y and Z used are interchangeable. For example the solution contains the following signature:   Y Z Dir -&gt; XSignature I have written:   X Z Dir -&gt; Y The main difference is that X and Y are opposite.Is this eptable?Thanks
ordering of functions that compare *this was a random question I made up on the spot just to get the concept straight*If I want to design a function called tallpeople that consume a Family and produce all members of the family that are taller than 150cm, and I have the following definition:the check-expect would look something like this: and somewhere in the function definition, we would have a function that compares height and 150 that looks something like this:    ...my question is what&#39;s the difference between have 150 before  and  before 150? I encountered this issue with the autograder for a question similar to this, and it gave me full marks for the question if I had  before 150.
Canvas grades Hi, I found out that there are no grades on my Canvas page but ording to some previous questions asked in Piazza, there should be lab/problem set grades here. Isn&#39;t I misunderstood?
SUS Academic Wellness event - Nov 1st, IBLC 182, 5:30-7PM I&#39;ve been asked to let you all know about the following event, at which I happen to be on the panel. Of far greater importance is that there is pizza at the end. And costumes.https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxpnyG_PQ/cs2YcyWA9Tvbs_fKK65ZuQ/edit?utm_content=DAFxpnyG_PQ&amp;utm_campaign=designshare&amp;utm_medium=link2&amp;utm_source=sharebutton
last problem of m08-abstract-fold-complications I fixed the last problem of m08-abstract-fold-complicationsit is now called find-w-credits.It was a mistake to  to improve it quickly between lectures. Sorry.The main learning objective of the problem was always the same.  abstract fold functions go through the whole data every time, no matter what your combination functions are doing.  So you can&#39;t use a fold function for a search that wants to stop when it finds what it is looking for. The fold function approach can produce the correct result, but it will search the whole data every time.
disappointed about iClicker Hi I just wanna express some thoughts about the iClickerFirstly, the time given to answer the question is too short. Every time I see the question on the screen I need to pick up my phone and unlock it, unlike zoom, I just click on the same device. I hadn’t finished reading the question yet, TA had started to countdown. And for some newly appeared code, I need time to think about how it works, but I don’t think I have that much time. I spent hours watching every edx video before every lecture, but I still can’t make it right because of those reasons.Secondly, I’m not sure if the previous Zoom questions still count for the grade or just totally abandoned. Before we switched to the iClicker, the question was much easier, if it was abandoned, every time the cost of making a mistake is higher a lot, which is kinda unfair compared with previous sections.Thirdly, the technical issues. Although I never met them but I heard about someone asking for that every lecture.I don’t know if anyone feels the same way as me, but the iClicker part really disappoints me. Not mean to cause any trouble, just some thoughts as a student in this course. 
typos in m08-abstract-fold... grader and starters fixed. typos in m08-abstract-fold... grader and starters are now fixed.
zoom page on canvas isn&#39;t loading for me I&#39;m not too sure what&#39;s wrong with my canvas but whenever I  and login into zoom canvas has been giving me this loading page for the past two days.
inclusion of template tag I recall in an early edX video that it will eventually no ger be required to include a copy of the template. I also noticed that in recent lectures, the solution files seem to lack a @template tag. The autograder also seems to no ger check for an @template tag. However, the recipe elements schedule doesn&#39;t seem to mention anything about this. 
Use of local for intermediate values Can someone explain the third use of local expressions? I remember something about intermediate values, this doesn&#39;t seem to really be discussed in the edX videos. 
Commenting Numbers I was wandering should we only comment the number of used cells for QAs in template or the defenition too? Also, should we do simplification of table for the template too, or it should have all QA s without simplifications
Problem set grading for missed lab My math midterm has a time conflict with my lab. As my math midterm has no alternative midterms, I am going to miss lab 9. I was wondering how ta problem set grading will work for a missed lab. What happens if I happen to be selected for g problem set grading?
is edx not working for anyone ? i keep getting a unexpected error when i  to go into it
Boxes function signature question In the boxes function :;; produce n&#43;1 nested boxes, the smallest is quite small -image                                                                                                  Why does the signature say n&#43;1 and not n? If it consumes 3 does it not produce 3 nested boxes?
Typos in m08-use-bia-fn-starter There are three  typos in m08-use-bia-fn-starter, which I think could benefit comprehension if they were fixed.In the explanation of map:The starter says: - map always produces a list of the same length as it&#39;s argument.   In general the elememts of the result list are not the same as   the argument list. and &#34;elememts&#34; instead of &#34;elements&#34;What it should say: - map always produces a list of the same length as its argument.   In general the elements of the result list are not the same as   the argument list.In problem 1:The starter says:;;;; First stage of templating produces this:;;#;  ;;;; But then we realize that the helper to go in ... probably does not;; already exist in the help desk.  So we will have to design a local;; helper.  Update the template to:;;Which, judging by the comments, should say:;;;; First stage of templating produces this:;;#;  ;;;; But then we realize that the helper to go in ... probably does not;; already exist in the help desk.  So we will have to design a local;; helper.  Update the template to:;;The solution file also has a slight typo:For Problem 2&#39;s function definition it says:            ;; produce  if n is in the interval                    It should say:            ;; produce  if n is in the interval                    
Lecture 2one-of merge list question. The solution looks incorrect Hi. I simplified my function but it is not epted with autograder but dont know why.This is solution     l2]               ;[1]        [ l1]               ;[2]        [                          ;[3]                                           l2                                        ]This is my solution            ]        [                         2              ]As you can see, the solution use 3 conds but I used only 2 conds.Because either 1 is  or 2 is , the result would be . However, the solution split them into 2 conds.Why is that?The core of 2-one-of is to simplify the function ording to the type comment table.We know that either 1 is  or 2 is , the result is always .Why the solution split them and why my answer is not epted?I passed all of test in autograder. Marked reduced only because I used 2 conds, not 3.Is there someone who can explain to me in detail?Edit:This is the same as in the BinaryTree and Path questionThis is my solution   ]        [ ]        [          &#34;L&#34;                                                                                                ]This is problem solution      ]                                           ;[1]        [  ]                                            ;[2]        [ &#34;L&#34;  ]   ;[3]        [                      ] ;[4]As you can see in here too, I used 3 conds but the solution uses 4 conds.My mark decreased only because I used 3 conds, not 4 conds.Is there any specific principle how many conds to use? 
evaluation steps Technically should the first step to evaluation of locals be to see if things in the local definition are being called, because if they are not they would not go to the global namespace. 
When do we need to type the signature and template-origin in the local? When do we need to type the signature and template-origin in the local? When do we just need to type ?
What is the order for mutual reference data structures? I&#39;m just looking for extra clarification. In lab 6, why did the autograder order the SentenceTree  data structure before the ListOfSentenceTree  one? Even though the code works either way, the autograder insists that stree goes before every instance of its corresponding t.I expect that if a similar problem as the one from lab 6 is put on the next exam or final, the autograder will also grade the problem wrong  if the order of two data structures from a mutal reference is incorrect. Can someone clarify whether this is specific to lab autograding or should we understand the logic of this ordering for the exams?In general, how do we confidently determine which data structure goes first in a mutual reference ?
Dr Racket running issue and submit When I clicked on run button, my dr racket just keep running and without any result.It also does not work for submission and said &#34;Submission used too much time&#34;.
m08-raining-eggs-refactor  I used map as my built-in abstract function and used use-abstract-fn for the @template-origin. The auto grader is saying that   2.5%  of     5%  x       @template-origin tag: partially correct.     0%  of  22.5%  x       choice of abstract functions: incorrect Am I suppose to use a different built in function?
404 for generative recursion circle starter hi, i&#39;m doing module 9a on EDX and circle-fractal-starter is redirecting me to a 404.I thought you all should know. thanks.
Simplification of 2 one-of I’ve only seen simplification done on either an entire row or column. Is there a rule against combining in a different way? Such as combining diagonal cells, or combining part of a row or column, but not the whole row or column.
Can we still write ListOfString instead of ? Hi! Just checking, do we need to write  from now on? Or can we choose to continue to write ListOfString? Thanks!
Small typo in starter Hey there I noticed a small typo in &#34;2 one of merge starter&#34; that might cause a little potential confusion so I find that it might be helpful to point it out. ;; Data Definitions:;;;; NOTE: IN 2-ONE-OF PROBLEMS ONLY, WE USE LON FOR ListOfString.;;If I am not mistaken I think the starter notes meant LON for ListOfNumber instead of ListOfString. Thanks!
Tests for abstract functions Could someone please list out what the necessary cases are in terms of testing abstract functions. For example, these were my check-expects for the filter2 function, but they didn&#39;t pass the auto-grader for test thoroughness:   I already checked the solution to  and understand which cases I&#39;m missing, but if I could also get a definitive list of what cases are needed, that would be great. Thanks!
When to use cons or list? I am so confused when to use cons or list.Is there any case that we must use either cons or list? Then under what condition?
EDX Module 8 Practice Problem I am confused on how we are supposed to create a fold function without any purpose. What do I enter for the functions in c1, c2 ,c3? Will this be taught further next week or I have to somehow understand it on my own. I have shown where I am currently, if it is something we have to know. Any additional guidance would be helpful. Thank you!!;; Design an abstract fold function for Dir called fold-dir.   __ ___  -&gt; _____;; abstract function for dir                                                                                b1]                  [                                          ]                       b2]                  [                                          ]]    
Edx module fold function pt.3 Hi, in the fold function part3 from edx module, we used 2 fn as arguments within function design, I wonder where I could have more details about this design method/recipe. I feel I get a general idea but not very confident.Does it mean that the number of function argument in a fold function is not limited to 1? And also, for the first 2 arbitrary data type Y, would it be better to be listof Y? Since we know that c1 is consuming a . Thank you in advance.
Why is it ? Hi! This is from yesterday&#39;s lecture starter. I&#39;m super confused about why we have the add1 to the n for stack instead of just n? I tried &#34;plugging&#34; in 3 for n into the function, but wouldn&#39;t we get 4 rows and stacks??;; this function has to make a stack of n rows, and each row has;; to have n elements.  So it will have two compositions of foldr;; and build-list.;;    CIRCLE                          ]        ;; the visible pyramid is one smaller than the     ;; one that includes the base case -images    
lab submission hi I had my lab finished at 12pm today. but I cannot submit my lab now at 4:14pm. are there any way I can still submit my file?
Test Coverage for Arbitrary Arity Tree vs. Binary Search Tree Hi, I&#39;m looking to see if I am missing anything  about my comparison regarding test coverage for arbitrary arity tree vs. binary search tree; if it is applicable, commenting on how test coverage for arbitrary arity tree and fixed arity tree would be helpful. Any feedback would be helpful, but I apologize if this isn&#39;t the place to ask.I have attached an image of my table comparing the two different types of trees.Thank you!
Why is the template-origin still ? Hi! I realized that I am still a little confused about why the template-origin is still  for filter2 from yesterday&#39;s lecture:   ]        [                                                        ]The signature has  instead of  and we learned that we can call filter2 with a list of any type, so why is the template still  rather than ? 
Unable to download m08-from-examples-solution Hi! I can&#39;t seem to download the solution from the lecture index page. It says URL not found. Can someone help with this? Thanks!
Struggling With Boxes Function from m08-use-bia-fn-starter This was how I approached the problem:1. Game plan: First use build-list to convert n into a list consisting of n squares. Then use foldr to create a recursive call to the list with the overlay function2. : from a natural n, create a list of squaresGoal of this step: --&gt;  where O represents a circle --&gt;  --&gt;  -&gt; ;; Then define the function sq-image  1 &#34;outline&#34; &#34;black&#34;3. Use foldr to overlay the list of squares: First define an example and then write out the foldr templateGoal of this step   --&gt;    -image;; Write out the foldr template --&gt;  Y  -&gt; YThen define fn and y within the foldr template   y = -imageThen put all the functions together:    1 &#34;outline&#34; &#34;black&#34;             ]     But won&#39;t this result produce the following if we call boxes 3:   -imageThe result we want is:   -imageWhy is the function definition above correct?Also, could someone please confirm my thought process?
Gregor&#39;s office hours today I&#39;m still not 100%, so to avoid making anyone  sick I will do my office hours online today.We&#39;ll do it in a fashion where when someone has a problem that seems typical I&#39;ll bring it up on my screen so that everyone can benefit from working through it.  That has worked very well in the past to be able to help a large number of people.https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09 
Qustion about foldr                                               ]    Hello, can someone please explain why we use this? I am confused about the parts of . Why do we put add and 0 there? And also, I don&#39;t understand why we put  and 
questions on edx module 6a Hi I was rewatching edx module 6a and I got confused with the part highlighted in yellow. Could you please explain where are those coming from?I am also confused how to attempt this question as well. Can I please have an explanation on it?
Unable to submit lab As per @409 we are allowed to submit labs until 6 hours after the end of our lab session; I was unable to submit my lab about 5 hours after the end of my lab .
Build-list For ignore part, is &#34;ignore&#34; a actual build in parameter or something? It&#39;s a bit confuce.
Problem with lecture starter I have been getting this problem for question1 of the first lecture starter but it has apparently been fixed. Is anyone  experiencing this too?
 for m08-from-examples starter     ]        [                                                        ]During lecture this morning, one of the students asked about the naming of the template and I think the professor said that we have to use ListOfNumber for  because we got the template from ListOfNumber. However, I am confused because the autograder is asking me to write it as .   3.6%  of   3.6%         Template origin: correct.  3.6%  of   3.6%          : correct. 
How to change &gt;n? function to only consume one argument? Today&#39;s lecture I missed Gregor&#39;s fix on this, could anyone help me change the function &gt;n? to only consume one argument?   ]    error message:filter: first argument must be a function that epts one argument, given function:&gt;n?
lecture 14 pre-work page is updated 
Problem with use-bia-fn-starter file from Lecture 13 I have run into a problem with the second starter file from todays lecture. When submitting the file, the autograder seems to be looking for a problem 7, and problem 5 has an unfamiliar tag associated with it .autograder_error.pngI was able to fix the issue by adding a new  tag with no content, then changing the following problem tags to  and , but the autograder still does not detect a problem 5 . Wondering if the autograder is grading based on the old version of the starter?autograder_error2.png
Autograder saying signature edited; it&#39;s not The autograder is saying &#34;Grading of problem halted - must not edit signature in starter file.&#34; for problem 1 from the from-examples starter for today&#39;s lecture. I re-downloaded the starter to compare to mine, and the signatures for problem 1 are not different, so I&#39;m not sure what I am missing.
For lecture of function foldr For I am kinda confused about what &#34;&#43;0&#34; stands for. 
Iclicker Grades I want to know how does iClicker correctness count the lecture grades? Syllabus says lecture grades is 10%, Is the 10% composed of iClicker grades and lecture starter grades or just only the iClicker grades? For example, if I got 100/100 on starters but only 50/100 on iClicker, how does this affect my final lecture grade?
Autograder broke down? Is autograder breaking down now?
Iclicker Grades How are iclickers grades going to work? Let&#39;s say we have 10 iclickers in total, which is 1% each, is it going to be calculated per lecture , or is it going to be all the marks combined like what it shows on iclicker right now ? Thanks.
Lecture 14 page missing I was checking out the lecture 14 page  to find the pre-lecture work, but the page seems to be replaced with the lecture 01 page. In lieu of that, where could I find the lecture 14 pre-lecture work?
Lecture Starter 2 problem 3                                               ]    For some reason, the function does not check the other numbers in the list. Can someone help me please?
Encapsulation This is a practice problem on EdX where they encapsulated a function with a helper. Are we supposed to keep the signature and purpose of the encapsulated function like in the solution below?
Lecture Webpage Hello,The lecture webpage appears to be incorrect, for next lecture the post lecture instructions are for lecture 1 and all lecture after are the same as lecture 1. Can/will these be updated to reflect the urate course schedule? Thank you.
m07-regions-search-solution I am confused about the solution of this problem. Why do we use local twice in the function body?
Local evaluation rule When there is a  expression in the local definition part, do we evaluate the expression first or do we rename first and comment out the second evaluated renaming?]        3      
Admin Email Delay Hi everyone, I&#39;ve had to take some time off due to illness so I&#39;m behind on responding to emails/concession requests/getting final lab and pset grades up on Canvas. My apologies for the delay and rest assured that I&#39;m working my way through as quickly as I can! Thank you for your patience and understanding. 
Problem Set 7 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 7.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students should not answer other students’ questions about problem sets.
How many variables are lifted? During yesterday&#39;s lecture iclicker, the question about the amount of definitions still kind of confuses me. Since there are 3 definitions, wouldn&#39;t we simply lift those 3 definitions? Or does lifting also affect all the times we call those definitions? 
iClicker In today&#39;s 12:30 lecture, the last two iClicker questions disappeared before the 10-second countdown was over, and as a result, I wasn&#39;t able to submit my answers for those questions. I know some of my friends in the lecture also had this issue, and this isn&#39;t the first time I&#39;ve ran into it. Since we aren&#39;t supposed to discuss technical issues in the lecture, I thought I&#39;d address this here. There seems to be some sort of technical issue on the other end here. Are we going to be penalized for this although it is out of our control?
Style rules Is it against style rules to use defined function names in my function name for example?list--dog list--lod
Query regarding collaboration in problem set Hi, one of friend&#39;s laptop is broken. So, we would like to do the pset-6 together. But we are in different sections, as in they&#39;re in 101 and I&#39;m in 102. Will it be a problem? I have been unable to find any information on this in the Syllabus collaboration policies section.
where to find the concrete definition of the built-in abstract functions? Where to find the concrete definition of the built-in abstract functions? Like andmap, ormap, foldl...
How to change the default of the racket file? I want to change the default for opening my file from 8.10 to 8.9, how to change it?
Iclicker issue for question 4 today Hi! I experienced troubles today in iclicker today for question #4! I put in B, but my answer didn&#39;t go through, I don&#39;t know why! I took a screenshot to show for proof! What should I do? Thank You for your time and help!
iclicker issues Hi, sorry to bring up technical difficulties but for iclicker today the prompt to join class didn&#39;t show up until after the first question ced, so I t marks for it but had iclicker open g in advance and was waiting. Is there anything I can do about this, or am I just stuck with the lower mark? I have a screen shot of myself in lecture with  iclicker open with the time if needed.
Constant Definition Evaluation Rules Dumb question but I&#39;ve confused myself about the evaluation rules for constant definitions and I cannot find the answer on EdX or Piazza.I thought that we were supposed to evaluate the value of the definition first, like this :But doesn&#39;t that cause an error when you write out all the steps because you can&#39;t define a definition with the same name twice? Is it this instead? 14
grader for encapsulated template fixed The grader for the encapsulated template in the third starter today has been fixed to solve the problems some people were having.
Lab 6 Attendance Hi, I&#39;m not feeling well this morning and scheduled for a lab session from 3-6 p.m. this afternoon. Do I need to submit an academic concession if I am unable to attend today&#39;s lab, or would it be advisable for me to attend another section&#39;s lab?sry, i read the syllabus and find what to do
Unexplained iClicker Absence I know that there were a bunch of students with many iClicker absences. I just thought I&#39;d add that I still have an absence from October 15th from 12:16-12:17.Please fix this, thanks.
Iclicker, Does anyone feel today’s morning lecture TA count down 60 seconds like it’s 20 seconds? 
Reupload of my question 2 one of pratice problem Dont understand what do they want us to here Does it mean that we have to produce  if the number of elements are the same?Edit: I understood that it takes in a Pattern and ListOfOneString and gives a booleanI understood we will produce  if both patterns dont match and if one of the two patterns are I dont understand why the given example is  in the text below: ;; Now design a function that consumes Pattern and ListOfOneString and produces ;;  if the pattern matches the ListOfOneString. For example,;;;; ;;                 ;; ;; should produce . If the ListOfOneString is ger than the pattern, but;; the first part matches the whole pattern produce . If the ListOfOneString;; is shorter than the Pattern you should produce .       ;;;; Treat this as the design of a function operating on 2 complex data. After ;; your signature and purpose, you should write out a cross product of type ;; comments table. You should reduce the number of cases in your cond to 4 using;; the table, and you should also simplify the cond questions using the table.;;;; You should use the following helper functions in your solution:
2 one of practice problem question Dont understand what do they want us to here 
Edx Question-7b In Edx7b local expression-encapsulation module, there is a question asking what is the advantages of encapsulation:I was wondering why &#34;we don&#39;t have to write base case tests&#34; is not an advantage.
Urgent: Getting in touch with a co-ordinator Hello,Regarding an urgent and important medical matter for this week, I filled out the academic concession form about last to last week, and I have received no response from the coordinator, I even sent a follow-up email regarding the same and filled out the form again. It has been over 5 working days, I generally wouldn&#39;t post it over here, but can someone please help me to get in touch to get a response?Thank you
Pre-lecture 12 confusion Do we have to watch all module 7b before tomorrow&#39;s lecture, because it isnt clearly mentioned.
Trouble submitting recommended problems Has anyone  been having trouble handing in the recommended problems?I got this error for module 7b&#39;s evaluate-foo-starter.rkt, but I&#39;ve also had it for a problem or two in the past:
2 one of order For the 2 one of problems, does the order of questions in the cond matter? 
Been using a different iclicker ount for lectures I&#39;ve just realized that iclicker has been logging me into the wrong ount for the past few lectures. Is it possible for me to connect my student number to that ount and make that my new primary ount in order to receive marks for the past lectures?
Edx Module 6a starter Hey there while I was reviews last weeks module I noticed something I&#39;m unsure of on the starter of the edx module;; Accounts is one of:;;  - ;;  -  Accounts;; interp. a list of ounts, where each ;;           num  is an ount number ;;           name is the person&#39;s first name     #;   ]        [          ;Natural               ;String              ]                                   It appears that the code created doesn&#39;t include a natural helper in reference to the data type Account. I&#39;m assuming in the current course we should create the helper function template and the reference to our natural helper in our Accounts data template separately rather than combining both into one template? Also, it seems that for the @htdd tag of BST during the lecture, we are not including the data type Node, is that just a specific rule for BST&#39;s, since normally it would seem that we should include all of the created data types in a @htdd tag?Thanks in advance!
80 Character limit with 2-one-of table Hello! What should be done if the 2-one-of table exceeds the 80-character limit? Should we just remove spaces between each of the elements?
fs-v1.rkt   Render tree The example in this question hints that the function we should use is render-tree.;;  should produce something like the following:;; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/elt-tree.pngDoesn&#39;t this break the mutual reference rules? Shouldn&#39;t the functions be  render--element and render--loe?I just wanted some clarification since the function provided in the above example usually indicates that our function should be named the same. Also, is there an answer key to this problem? Or should I refer to BSTs P6 since they are kinda identical? Thank you. 
Midterm 1 problem 1 Midterm 1 problem 1 has been regraded with a grader that allows &#34;operand&#34; for the parts of a check-expect.  This handles all outstanding regrades for this problem.NOTE: Your gradescope copy of the exam will not change. You will see the new grade on handback.
80 character check Is there anyway to find out which line is causing the 80 character warning to show up? I have reformatted my code and there appear to be no line that exceeds the word limit, but the yellow line won&#39;t disappear.
mt1 P4 confusion over helper function Hi, I&#39;m confused about when to include a helper function in cases such as mt1 p4.Does it make sense if I code like this  instead of using a reference?
Drumming Woman Does anyone remember the name of that cool drumming woman from the lecture lead-up video? Wouldn&#39;t mind listening to some more of her music.
Try-catch in autograder What’s the meaning of “Try-catch “in autograder?
"Abbreviation of ListOfString as LOS The m07-2-one-of-prefixes-starter.rkt has a type comment which states: `IN 2-ONE-OF PROBLEMS ONLY, WE USE LOS FOR ListOfString.` But I remember Gregor saying in class that ""we can use this abbreviation in this lecture only"" My question is, can we use this abbreviation in exams ?"
What does helper function rule 2 and 4 mean? Hi! I&#39;ve realized that I am confused about what number 2 and 4 helper rules mean from the Design Recipes page:reference rule suggests a helper on a ref type multiple differences between quantities in a problema subtask needs to operate on arbitrary sized dataa subtask involves special domain knowledgepart of a function you are designing seems to be a well-defined subtask What do they mean by multiple differences between quantities? What are these quantities? And what does &#34;special domain knowledge&#34; mean? Is it when the function has to perform a task that is beyond its capabilities so we need a helper function? Thank you in advance! :
Why is this the code in the table? Hi! This is from the lecture yesterday. I am confused about how we got the code for cell 3 and 4. How do we know we need to have  and  and ? Where exactly did these come from?#|          bt                        p                   [1]                             [2]             [1]           [3]                                                           [1]           [4]                                                  |#
Writing Tests for Mutual Recursions - What is the Perferred Method? Hello, I wanted to know what is the preferred way of writing tests for mutual recursion.For example: ```;; Foo is ;; ListOfFoo is one of;;  - ;;  - Foo ListOfFoo;; bar? returns  when there is at least one odd number``` if I want to write tests for `bar?--foo` and `bar?--lof`, should I write:``` ;;```or```                ; odd? is a defined function                  ;;```?Personally, I think the latter one is better because I can test if `bar?--foo` is functioning as expected even when `bar?--lof` is just a stub.  But I may have heard  some TAs say that the former one is better. So please elaborate on that!Sorry about writing such a g question, Thanks in advance!
Pset Timing Quesiton Hello, just wondering if there&#39;s any way we can ess problem sets in advance, for example is it possible to get started on Pset7 before next Tuesday? Thank you.
iClicker – If I was unable to attend due to illness Hello, I missed my clicker and lecture this Tuesday and currently have a 50%  clicker score.I know it is late, I was sick so I want to know if I can get excused.I have an antibiotic assessment on that day and a receipt.Where can I email to?
lecture 12 m07-2-one-of--solution not able to download Can&#39;t ess today&#39;s starters solution... thanks
EdXModule - 7a: Two One-of-Types I have two questions pertaining to the 7a: One-of-types Ed X Module:Question 1: I think there might be an error in the definition for BT4. Could be wrong but I was struggling to understand what subnodes were part of the left branch and right branches due to a  misplaced bracket on line 2 of the definition. Correct me if I&#39;m wrong. ;is this cing bracket supposed to be here?                                                                                           Questions 2-6: We were provided the data definitions for the data types &#34;BinaryTree&#34; and &#34;Path&#34; and were told to design a function that consumes a &#34;BinaryTree&#34; and a &#34;Path&#34; but weren&#39;t told what it&#39;s supposed to produce or what the purpose of the function is. Should I assume this is the function we discussed in class where we are ing to go down the ? If so, a purpose and stub would be helpful to understand what the check-expects should produce. Maybe I am supposed to infer the purpose from the data definition ae or maybe I missed an EdX tab altogether. Here is Question 2:Question 2: what is the expected result of the following check-expect?  _____ 
iclicker poll questions not counting for &#34;points&#34;? Currently only one day of poll questions for me is counting for marks or as clicker considers it &#34;points&#34; . I believe that it was specified that after the first &#34;practice&#34; round of clicker questions that all future clickers will count for marks. Does anyone  also have this problem? I am in the 9:30 morning lecture.
Lecture problem: why can&#39;t we use &#34;and&#34;? I&#39;ve noticed that for today&#39;s lecture question, you get punished for using &#34;and&#34; in one of the expressions and I was wondering why this was the case; Isn&#39;t the level of conciseness about the same?
Iclicker attendance issues Hi, I recently checked on my iclicker and I saw that my last Tuesday attendance was absent . Is this a bug?
Problem Set 6 Questions This thread is the only place you are permitted to ask questions about problem set 6.NOTE that you are only permitted to ask questions that seek to clarify the problem description, or in cases of supposed errors with the starter.  Other questions will be deleted.Students should not answer other students’ questions about problem sets.
Is DrRacket evaluated left to right like RegEx Apparently RegEx is evaluated left to right, but CPSC 121 teacher doesn’t know if RegEx evaluates like DrRacket
There are no scores showing on iclicker except class 6 There are no scores showing on iclicker except for class 6, which is the only one poll I answer the question wrong, so my total score still stays at 66.7%. Are those not marked yet or is there another problem?
Clicker Questions Oct 19 morning lecture? Were there clicker questions in today&#39;s morning lecture? I tried to sign into class on iClicker app but it never showed that the class was activated, and I was actively in the class Zoom from 9:31am-10:46am and didn&#39;t hear any mention of clicker questions. However, I&#39;m worried that I might have somehow missed it and will now e an attendance mark... Were there just not any clicker questions for today?
Tuesday&#39;s Clicker Questions Hello, on Tuesday I noticed that even though I got the right answer for the clicker questions they were not worth any marks . I decided to wait a little while to see if maybe they would be added later, but it appears that they haven&#39;t and the total amount of clickers you can get has also not been changed. In addition, I discussed with a friend who is also in the class and she said the same. I was just wondering if maybe the clicker questions just were not going to count for the Tuesday lecture? I have screenshots of it if that would be helpful.
m06-region-all-with-color-starter-solution I think one of the tests given in the solution is invalid` `Because inner nodes will definitely have Childs, right? Hence `` doesn't make sense. inner-nodes can't have  list , right? This is the picture of the tree for reference:![image.png]
Issues with Mutual Reference problems and the autograder For my lecture 10 starters and my pset6 problems everything goes through nicely in the autograder, other than the additional tests. They all fail 100% of the time. With my lecture 10 problem  I have both submitted the solution file and my own file containing an identical function definition. The solution gets 100 and my file  gets 90 due to the aditional autograder tests.Is anyone  having this issue? Do I need to update something? Any help would be appreciated.Thanks!
Naturals as compound I get that when designing a data definition for Natural, it ends up being analogous to a list. But why do we consider  to be compound? In the edX videos, it was mentioned that Naturals only really have a rest in the form of . My understanding is that n itself behaves as &#39;first&#39; and   behaves as &#39;rest,&#39; but the lecture files say that n is included in the template for convenience, not from the template rules.
iclicker absence I saw there are 9 sessions and 5 absence recored in my iClicker webpage, but I have attended all the lecture and participate all the lecture poll. Is it expected? Thanks!Best
Water bottle left behind after my office hours If you left a water bottle behind in X141 after my OH today, you can pick it up at the main CS office.
Call to Helper in Tests When is it not eptable to use helpers in tests for a parent function?
Render Roster thought process is correct? Hi there, is my thought process for render roster starter correct?render-roster.pdf
Regions-Render-Starter tests validity In the lecture starter today for rendering regions when I submit my file it says its missing test validity but all the tests were pre -created for us already in the file. -image                                                                                                       Here are the tests provided. Is it a mistake with my function or is it the check-expects themselves?
Regarding 11:30-12:30 OH I’m running a bit late to host the OH today. My apologies for students waiting for question, I’ll be there as soon as I can.Edit: I am here now!
Zoom Account I didn&#39;t realize my zoom ount was automatically logged out until I finished this morning&#39;s class. So my attendance may not have been recorded with the ubc email ount. But I have checked in the iclicker. I&#39;m very worried about this will influence my attendance. I really appreciate any of your help.
Midterm 1 question 2 for midterm 1 question 2, the autograder shows that I jumped several steps, I&#39;m wondering what i did wrong here?correct:                           jumped to incorrect new step:                           jumped to incorrect new step:                           correct:                          jumped to incorrect new step:  
iclicker I saw that there was an absence on Monday 10/9 , was that a mistake?Thanks!
Software used in lectures Unrelated to course content, I wanted to ask if anyone knows what Gregor uses to write on his slides. Does he stream his iPad onto his computer?
SPD autograder tests are failing for all lecture 10 starters I have very similar solutions to Prof. Kiczales for all of today&#39;s starters and the same passing tests. When I submit my starters though, every single one is stuck at 90, since the &#34;autograder additional tests&#34; aren&#39;t failing, but causing errors. No matter how I edit my code or test it, I cannot get it to error, and can&#39;t identify whats going on.Any help would be appreciated!
Data definitions for Arbitrary Arity Trees and BSTs Are we expected to remember how to write the DD for BST and Arbitrary Arity trees or would those be always given to us?
Game-balls requires game I have been stuck on this for a while. Why does game-balls expect a game type when it is of type list as defined by DD? I am receiving the following error:Screenshot_2023-10-16_225353.png;; Constants: ;; ===========================================================================;; ===========================================================================;; Data definitions:;; Ball is ;; interp.  is ball;;   - position x, y    in screen coordinates;;   - velocity dx, dy  in pixels/tick;; CONSTRAINT: x is in [LEF, RIG]; y is in [TOP, BOT]  4 -3                       ;; ListOfBall is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of balls   ]        [                       ];; Game is ;; interp. the current state of a game, with all the balls in play,;;         as well as the x-position of the paddle in screen coordinates          ;; ===========================================================================;; ===========================================================================;; Functions:;; start the game, call...;; &lt;no tests for main functions&gt;     ;Game -&gt; Image         ;Game -&gt; Game         ;Game KeyEvent -&gt; Game     ;Game Integer Integer MouseEvent                               ;   -&gt; Game ;; take game and render all balls in game onto MTS MTS                                                                                     3                                                                                                                            ; MTS ;stub           ;; render all balls from list onto MTS MTS                                                                                                                                                        MTS   ]        [                       ]   MTS]        [                              ];; place BALL on image at appropriate x, y coordinate MTS               -image              #; img                                   img    img;; produce game at next-second, removes balls that have hit paddle  PADDLE-CTR-Y                                                     3 1                                                                                                                                       1 3                                                                                                               3                1 3                                 2 4                          3;; g                                              ;; takes the balls which touch paddle out of game                                                                 PADDLE-CTR-Y                                                               3 1                                            ;; g                         ;; consumes list and removes balls from list that touch paddle                                                    PADDLE-CTR-Y 8 9                                   3                                    10                                                                                                                          2                                                                             130                                              ;; lob;; added n as a parameter   ]        [                         ]   ]        [          n              n               n];; takes ListOfBalls with balls removed and moves remaining balls to next pos  TOP 3 -4                                                                                     TOP 3 -4                                              #;     ]         [                         ]   ]        [                        ];; produce ball at next x,y; checks bounces off top/right/bottom/left wall TOP  3 -4               TOP  3 -4 BOT  3  4               BOT  3  4 -3 4               -3 4  3 4                3 4  3 4                3 4#; b ; because b is treated as atomic      ]        [ ]        [ ]        [ ]        [         ];; adds new ball at x, y to lob;; NOTE: uses random, so testing has to use check-random                                                                300 100 &#34;button-down&#34;                                                                  100 200 &#34;button-up&#34;               #;     ]         [          ]             lob]        [ lob];; clear all balls if space key pressed;  do nothing  2 4                                  3 2                                                                &#34; &#34;                1 -3                                  3 -2                                                                &#34;c&#34;                1 -3                      3 -2                          #;     ]         [           ]   ]        [ lob] ;; produce  if ball&#39;s center is inside the paddle;; NOTE: There are many better and more complex ways to design this function.;;       This design is fairly primitive , but people playing the game shouldn&#39;t see;;       much difference if the balls are moving quickly. 1                                        PADDLE-CTR-Y                                        1 2                             100                                                      PADDLE-CTR-Y                                        1 2                             100                                                      PADDLE-CTR-Y                                        1 2                             100               1                                        PADDLE-CTR-Y                                        1 2                             100                                         1                          1 2               100                                                                  1 2               100                                                                  1 2               100                                         1                          1 2               100                                                      PADDLE-CTR-Y                                        1 2                             30                                                 p                                                     ;;  if ball is going up and edge will hit top edge of box 3 -4  3 -4  3 -2  3  2 #;                                TOP;;  if ball is going down and edge will hit bottom edge of box 3  2  3  2  3  2  3 -2 #;                                BOT;;  if ball is going left and edge will hit left  edge of box TOP -5 2  TOP -5 2  TOP -5 2  TOP  3 2 #;                                LEF;;  if ball is going right and edge will hit right edge of box TOP  5 2  TOP  5 2  TOP  5 2  TOP -3 2 #;                                RIG;; produce a ball with top edge 1 pixel off top of box, moving down;; CONSTRAINT: assume ball is ce to top edge and moving up  2 -4                2  4  3 -7                3 7#; b                                ;; produce a ball with bottom edge 1 pixel off bottom of box, moving up;; CONSTRAINT: assume ball is ce to bottom edge and moving down  2 4                2  -4  3 7                3 -7#; b                                ;; produce a ball with left edge 1 pixel off left of box, moving right;; CONSTRAINT: assume ball is ce to left edge and moving left  -4 4                4 4  -8 4                8 4#;  b                                 ;; produce a ball with right edge 1 pixel off right of box, moving left;; CONSTRAINT: assume ball is ce to right edge and moving right  4 4                -4 4  8 4                -8 4#; b                                ;; move ball by dx dy;; CONSTRAINT: ball is not touching or about to touch any edge of the box  #; b                                                                      
Edx mutual reference question Hi, I was wondering why edx marks me wrong for calling the green arrow a reference. Is it because you can get back to the green arrow from following the orange, then pink, then etc arrows? Or does it stop right at ListOfSquare. Thanks
MT1 P4 says &#34;no submission&#34; Gradescope says that I have &#34;no submission&#34; for P4 in midterm 1. I finished the question, but remember there were technical errors with my SPD handin saying that it &#34;cannot connect to the server&#34;. I thought I ended up submitting it successfully, but I guess it did not actually go through. Is there anything that can be done here? 
‘Operand’ of check-expect I heard that the course team was considering allowing “operand” as an eptable answer for BOX-G in addition to “function call expression”, despite check-expect not technically being a function/operator. Are there any updates about this?
iClicker Email I apologize if this question has already been answered, but for the iClicker app I have included my full name and student number. For the email part , I used my personal email . Will that be okay in order to receive the marks? 
PHYS 117 Midterm Conflict With Lab 6 On Wednesday I have PHYS 117 Midterm from 6-7:30pm, my Lab 6 is from 6-9pm. This should not qualify for academic concession, though the mark for attendance is out of my control. Is there a way to either contact any of my TAs before my Lab 6 or will it be sufficient to let my TA when I arrive with around an hour left to know that I just came back from a conflicting midterm?Thanks!
Error while doing module 6b starter I was coding the second function in the Functions on Mutually Recursive Data - Part 2 section of module 6b, and I keep getting this error.:I tried double checking my code with the one displayed in the video multiple times, but I wasn&#39;t able to find out what I&#39;m doing incorrectly. So some help would be appreciated.Here&#39;s the file: fs-v2.rkt
template origin Since we can omit putting template before function definition after the ref module, do we still have to write template origin tag?
Mutual-Ref P2, fun-part-2, solution    ]        [                                    ]I was going through the solution for Mutual-Ref P2  fun-part-2 and found &#34;-catch&#34; in the template-origin.I am confused about why &#34;-catch&#34; is there and what it represents
Check expects In the last lecture we learnt how it is ok to reuse the function in check expects like in the example below:                                                    I was just wondering if instead of writing  if I have already defined a constant BST7, can I use that in my check expect like this:                                                    Thanks!
Conflict in Schedule over lab Hello,I have a midterm that takes up the first hour of the lab on Oct 17th.Is it possible to arrive an hour late without a penalty?I do not expect any extra time given to work on the lab question, and I will just have an hour less than others to complete it.Thank you
Lab 6 I heard from one of my ta that there would be no lab this week…. Is that ?
When is a helper function necessary? Hi! I have realized that I don&#39;t really understand when a helper function is necessary and when it is not. For instance, in many lectures and problem sets, we created functions that just &#39;did&#39; the task rather than having another helper function to do the task. Like for this function   ]        [          &#34;outline&#34; &#34;black&#34;                  ]Why didn&#39;t we need a helper function here to do the overlay stuff? Why was is eptable to just define the function like this without a helper function? 
Edx Practice problem: Making Rain Filtered problem Question one:For function composition next drops, could I also have done  instead of?Question two:For onscreen? , what is the role of putting HEIGHT here?     HEIGHT;; Make it rain where we want it to.;; =================;; Constants:;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Drop is ;; interp. a raindrop on the screen, with x and y coordinates in pixels. ;2 fields#;         ;Integer            ;Integer;; ListOfDrop is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of drops                      ref                ; is Drop                    self-ref          ; is ListOfDrop#;   ]        [                       ];; =================;; Functions:;; start rain program by evaluating      ; ListOfDrop Integer Integer                                      ; MouseEvent -&gt; ListOfDrop                 ; ListOfDrop -&gt; ListOfDrop             ; ListOfDrop -&gt; Image;; if mevt is &#34;button-down&#34; add a new drop at that position                                 lod]        [ lod];; produce filtered and ticked list of drops                                                                                                           ;; produce list of ticked drops                                                                                                                                      ]        [                         ];; produce a new drop that is SPEED pixels farther down the screen    ;; produce a list containing only those drops in lod that are onscreen?                                                                                                                  ]        [                                    ];; produce  if d is on the screen               HEIGHT;; render the drops onto MTS MTS                                                                   MTS]        [                               ];; place drop on img as specified by d MTS                  img
Is &#34;instance&#34; the correct term for when we call ? Would it be fair to say that when we call  we are making a new &#34;instance&#34; of the &#34;struct-name&#34; data type? Just ing to put what I&#39;m doing into words so that I can write clearer purpose statements for my functions. I couldn&#39;t find anything in the gsary but maybe I missed it.
DD for List Of Natural If we were to use the self referential version of natural and list of natural in a function, is this how the dd for list of natural will look?;;ListOfNatural is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of Natural                      ref                  ;  is Natural                    self-ref            ;  is ListOfNatural   ]        [                       ]
Schedule appointment Hello, I had a problem in my lab, and the TAs said I should schedule an appointment with the course coordinator. Can someone tell me how can I get in contact with Emily?
Domain Shift rule and Operate on Arbitrary Size Data rule I think I have a reasonable grasp of these rules, I just want to make sure my understanding of them based on what i&#39;ve read and written is viable.Operation On Arbitrary Size Data.Say you are writing a sorting function. Within this function you must iterate through an arbitrary sized list in order to find out where to THEN insert a specific element to keep the list sorted. This iteration, by the Arbitrary Size rule, should be done in a helper.Doman Shift:You are writing a function to render a given set of images with different &#34;colours&#34; applied, before rendering the organized image, the images must be given &#34;colours&#34;.This is problem is outside of the context of the original function  and so by the domain shift rule must be done in a helper.Thanks for reading!
Lab Late Submissions Hi,According to @409_f1 students should be able to submit the lab 6 hours after the end of their lab.My lab ended at 12pm today and it is 3:47pm right now, but I cannot handin my final answers .Is there any way to fix this?
Clarification on Lecture 11: Module 6b or 7a Hi, I was going over what needs to be completed before the first and second lecture of the week for this coming week and I would like clarification on whether we need to finish module 7a for Lecture 11, Lecture 11 says the following:Before this lecture, make sure you are caught up with Module 6 videos and have completed all online question in Module 6b.Thank you!
What does this mean in the definition for function composition? Hi! I&#39;m confused about what they mean by tests for arrange-images do not themselves need to fully test both composed functions? I understand why the above test is insufficient because it doesn&#39;t test sort-images, but I&#39;m confused about what this specific line means. Can someone give an example of a test that &#34;fully tests both composed functions&#34; that would be unnecesary?
Problem Bank Question BSTs I don&#39;t understand what the comment states, does it mean the largest key&#39;s value &#43; 1? If not, can you explain why my assumption was wrong? Thank you 
When exactly do we use function composition? Hi! I&#39;m confused about in what scenarios we would use function composition? And what exactly is the difference between function composition and helper functions? In the lecture last Tuesday, we used function composition for layout-images and sort-images:    But then in sort-images function, we had another helper function called insert, which then had another helper function called larger?  Couldn&#39;t we have used helper functions from the very beginning and not have to use function composition? What is the difference between function composition and helper functions? 
Count Lecture 9 starer Hello, I am a bit confused on how the function definition in this starter was formed.    0]        [                        ]I was just wondering why the &#43; 1 was added at the beginning. Thank you.
Gregor&#39;s office hours this week Given we just had the midterm, and given how many people are sick, I&#39;m moving my office hours this week to online.  This will make it easier for me to both review the midterm and also have short private conversations with people if those are needed.You are free to go to our normal room and work/zoom from there.Wednesday and Friday 11-1 https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09
template origin for BST I encountered the following error in my autograder report, saying that I&#39;m missing the  tag in my render starter for today&#39;s lecture. However, I remember Gregor mentioning during lecture today that starting from module 6, template origins aren&#39;t necessary anymore? Pls correct me if I&#39;m wrong, how I understood it was that from now on we don&#39;t have to show where we got the template from, but we still must follow template rules.the autograder feedback:AUTOGRADING GRADE:   86       86%  of   100%  - Overall submission:     86%  of   100%  -   :     86%  of   100%  -    :   14.3%  of  14.3%         Signature: correct.  7.1%  of   7.1%          argument type: correct.   7.1%  of   7.1%          result type: correct.  14.3%  of  14.3%         Test validity : correct.  14.3%  of  14.3%         Test thoroughness : correct.  14.3%  of  14.3%         Test thoroughness : correct.     0%  of  14.3%  x      Template origin tag: could not find 1st template origin tag.  14.3%  of  14.3%         Submitted tests: correct.  14.3%  of  14.3%         Additional tests: correct. 
Professor Gregor&#39;s special office hour Hi, does anyone know the place for Gregor&#39;s special office hour at five today, for people who want to discuss their midterm grades with him?
Why is there no template? I was doing the Naturals section on edx and finished doing the practice problems, but when I looked at the answer key, it had no template after the template origin? Why so? If it is supposed to have a template, what would it be?;; Design a function called decreasing-image that consumes a natural n and;; produces an image of all the numbers from n to 0 side by side. ;;;; So  should produce the image found here:;; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/bank/3210.png;; =================;; Constants:;; =================;; Functions:;; produce an image of n, n-1, ... 0 side by side   SPACING                                             SPACING                                            SPACING                                           ; -image   ; stub   ]        [          TEXT-SIZE TEXT-COLOR                 SPACING                 ]
Getting this error I was doing the practice problems for Natural Numbers  on edx. When I clicked, run, I got this error message! What should I do?
Helper Rules I&#39;m a little confused about the new helper rules we have learned. I understand that a reference calls for a natural helper, but the three new rules confuse me a little.So, anytime we operate on a list do we use a helper? Or only when we operate on the whole list and not the first element only?Secondly, function composition and domain knowledge shift, I understand both of their concepts; however, they are a little difficult to tell apart. Because for function composition, we do it when we must preform two or more distinct operations on the data and we use knowledge domain shift when we suddenly do something different on the data in the function. They are both very similar, is there something I am missing to distinguish them? Thank you.
How does this code on Natural actually work? ;; Design a function to make a list of the first n natural numbers;; starting at 1.    ;; produce first n natural numbers; starting at 1     ]        [                                   ]So, I trusted the natural recursion and wrote the code for this function. And it works! However, I don&#39;t understand what actually happens when the function is called with . I am confused with the step-by-step evaluation and how it ends up returning the expected output. I tried using the stepper but still can&#39;t understand it.
iclicker participation on iclicker, it says i have missed 4 classes, is that a bug?
Lab 5: Can I attend the make up lab on Thursday? I am registered for lab section L1Z that runs on Thursday but would be cancelled this week.Can I, say, attend section L12 which runs on Monday but is scheduled for this Thursday?The only other labs that work for my schedule run on 13th Oct, Friday  and I&#39;m 100% sure that they would be overcrowded. According to the schedule, Monday labs will be running on Thursday so I don&#39;t see why this would be a problem.
Lab and 121 midterm conflict I regrettably did not fill out a course conflict form for my CPSC 121 midterm and now have my 110 lab section at the same time . Would I be able to show up to a different lab section this week? If not, could I show up for the last 1h30 of my lab section and receive partial marks? Thanks
Is there a lab tomorrow  ? Do we have a lab tomorrow? I have checked the edx section for labs but there is no update for lab 5, but in the course schedule it is written that there is a lab tomorrow.I am just confused.Please clarify! 
5a: Naturals Do we need to watch all the videos in Lesson 5a: Naturals in edx?
making-rain-filtered starter: Detecting when Drop is on screen  Hi, I&#39;m a bit confused on why we use HEIGHT to see whether a Drop is on the screen or not in the onscreen? helper function instead of having HEIGHT-1 to ount for the zero based indexing. We used HEIGHT-1 in problem set 3 and 4  to check whether the Ball made contact with the bottom of the screen or not and I&#39;m struggling to understand why the same concept isn&#39;t being applied here. This is what the making-rain-filtered-solution.rkt suggests is the correct answer:; =======================         And this is what I am suggesting with the usage of HEIGHT-1: ;evaluates to 299; =======================         Additionally, I am a bit confused on why the height of the DROP is not considered because the solution is designed in a way such that the Drop is removed when the middle of the Drop  reaches the bottom. Based on this design, the Drop is technically still on the screen since the upper half of the DROP image is still visible ; this may be due to the ambiguity of the problem but if it isn&#39;t then I would like to know what key word in the problem suggests that we do not have to consider the upper half of the Drop.Thank you!
Unclear about purpose cmt for Main In htdw, after writing Signature for Main and then it&#39;s time to write the comment, I&#39;m not sure what to write. It&#39;s a purpose comment right? In the recipe checklist it says [ ;; start the world with  ] but um I dont fully get it. What&#39;s the purpose? What do I write? Thank you!
Help Mac Users, Dr Racket keeps running up my swap. Hello, sometimes while I am scrolling through the Racket IDE it will randomly freeze. I opened activity monitor to see my swap increasing at an alarming rate. Moments later Mac asks me to force ce Dr Racket. I&#39;m not sure why this is happening this is a relatively new Mac model and has 16 gb of ram so I don&#39;t think it&#39;s a hardware issue. It&#39;s been happening for all of today and I&#39;m worried that it might happen on an exam. Any ideas as to why this may be happening?To add to this I am on Racket version 8.6 could this be the issue?
SPD Handin not working? when would SPD handin start working again? I am handed in Pset #5 and the its not returning any grade reports.
Raycast V1 Wrote an early stage of a project simulating a raycast to  and become more familiar with thinking recursively and applying this course&#39;s content in practice. Project code as below:;; Raycast V1;; Performs a &#39;raycast&#39; towards the mouse, basically drawing a line;; At the first point of collision;; For now, this program will be a limited version of that;; The goal is to draw a line between the center of the screen;; And the boundaries of the scene in the direction of the mouse;; Bouncing and colliding with objects will be implemented in later versions;; =================;; Constants:;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Vector is ;; Interpretation: x and y form the position of the vector;; dx and dy form the direction of the vector ; 4 cases                       ;; =================;; Functions:;; start the world with    ;Vector -&gt; Image     ;Vector Integer Integer MouseEvent -&gt; Vector    ;; Puts a line between CTR-V and given Vector on MTS                                                                                                                      LINE-COLOR                                                                                                                      LINE-COLOR; MTS ;;stub                                                                                     LINE-COLOR;; Creates a new ray from center position towards mouse and performs raycast                                                                        CTR-V                                                          ; v ;;stub    ]         [          ]                                                  ]        [ v];;Performs a raycast in vector&#39;s direction and produces result Vector;; &lt; Don&#39;t know how to write tests for this one &gt;; v    ]         [          ]   v]        [         ];; Checks if given Vector is at or beyond boundaries of MTS       CTR-Y 0 0   -1 -100 ;  ;;stub                              WIDTH  0         ]        [ HEIGHT  0         ]        [ ] ;; Changes Vector x, y by dx, dy CTR-V ;; Vector with 0, 0 dx dy                                                        ; v ;;stub                                                                            Some thoughts:- Don&#39;t know a way to write tests for perform-raycast function in this case as I do not know how to calculate the terminal &#39;vector&#39;/position for any cases where both dx and dy are non-zero. Probably a violation of design recipes but that&#39;s how I&#39;m leaving it for now, until I can figure out how.- Don&#39;t know if perform-raycast is using recursion properly. I tried with little success multiple data definitions that tried to incorporate the well-formed self-referential data structure but couldn&#39;t make one that would actually suit the problem. Part of me suspects that this might be because position wasn&#39;t a data structure like a list that had a natural progression . It also did not really care about any of the intermediate steps, only what the final one was, so the definition of combination and contribution parts are shaky here. I ended up using generative recursion as it seemed to be more straightforward though I am not confident that I implemented that properly either. Perhaps I am still thinking iteratively rather than recursively, or that the problem is not suitable for recursion at all. Perhaps as the course progresses and I understand things more a better method could be implemented.- Ideally, dx and dy should be confined to be within a certain magnitude, forming a unit circle around x and y, as they are direction rather than actual position . Multiplying by INCREMENT does not actually achieve this, but is a Band-Aid solution to at least ensure that next-vector is not changing vectors by too much every step. Will have to figure out the math for this at some point, but it probably involves trig which I am not strong in.
mt1 2022 W1 Q3 Why am I missing points for test thoroughness?;;removes naturals from list until an odd natural is encountered                                ;;;;;;;;;; and here is the solution:;; drop numbers from front of  up to but not including first one that is odd                 
2023S1 P5 Helper Function - Does the helper have to be a question function? ;; produce  if flight has origin != desination and load/capacity &lt; 0.8                                                                                    ;  ; stub                                       0.8The solution to P5 above uses a helper function that produces a Boolean. However, in my solution of the problem, I used a function that returns a Natural that returns 0 if the flight does not meet the conditions and 1 if it does. As such, I was only adding the result of the helper function to the NR, which made the recursive function effectively the same as the solution in terms of what it does. However, my solution to the problem got a 67% from the autograder.There was also no indication that we should use a helper function that returns a Boolean in the problem statement. So does the helper function, in these cases, ALWAYS have to produce a boolean? 
mt1 2022 W1 P2 I don’t understand why I am still missing marks for test thoroughness; in my opinion, I have covered all the cases as in the solution;; add SPIN-SPEED to r, dl to y; if l hits MAX/MIN-SIZE change direction of dl;no bounce -1 20               -1                1                -1                3  1 20               1                -5                5 ;bounce min -1 20               -6 20               -7 20              ;bounce max 1 20               8 20               9 20              ;; SOLUTION:;; change r by SPIN-SPEED and l by dl, if l hits MAX/MIN change direction of dl;; no &#34;bounce&#34;               1                3                -1                -4 ;; Hits MIN-SIZE -1 20               -4 30              ;; Hits MAX-SIZE 1 20               5 50              
Check-expects for render functions in HTDW In the &#34;render&#34; function of a how to design worlds problem, what check-expects are needed? Are we required to test for different locations on a screen if there is no varying behaviour caused by location? For example in 2020w2-mt1/mt1-p4, would we be required to test for the rendering of the balloons on different locations within the screen? There is no variance of behaviour caused by changing location itself, so would we still be required to test it on the left, up, bot, right bounds, or would we only need to test for other behaviour changes?The problem:;;==========================================;; Constants   ;pops when &gt; this radius;;=================================================;; Data Definitions:;; Balloon is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp.;;    means the balloon has popped ;;   otherwise the balloon&#39;s x and y coordinates and radius, all in pixels;;   REMEMBER y increases going down;;   CONSTRAINT: r &lt;= MAX-RADIUS, past this balloon is represented as ;;   NOTE: no constraints on x, y. We don&#39;t care if balloons leave window         ;3 fields   ]        [                                       ];; ListOfBalloon is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of balloons is Balloon                    self-ref        ; is ListOfBalloon  ]        [                       ];;===================================================;; Functions   ;; start the world with     ;ListOfBalloon -&gt; ListOfBalloon    ;ListOfBalloon -&gt; Image      ;ListOfBalloon Integer Integer MouseEvent;;                            ;   -&gt; ListOfBalloon;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; on mouse click add a Balloon at mouse x, y with INITIAL-RADIUS                                                            10 40                           &#34;button-down&#34;                                                             ; lob ;stub    ]         [          ]            lob]        [ lob];; produce the next lob by ticking clock for every balloon in lob                                                                                                               ; lob ;stub   ]         [                         ]   ]        [                        ];; produce next Balloon, increase x by FALL-SPEED, r by GROW-SPEED                               MAX-RADIUS              ; b ;stub    ]         [                                          ]   ]        [          GROW-SPEED MAX-RADIUS                                         FALL-SPEED                            GROW-SPEED             ];; Place each balloon on MTS MTS                                                                                                                                                                                10 20                                                                   20 30                                                                                             50 60                                                     MTS; MTS ;stub   ]         [                         ]   MTS]        [                                 ];; Place balloon image of radius r, at x, y on img MTS -image MTS               10 20 MTS -image                                         10 20                           -image; img ;stub    ]         [                                                         img]   img]        [          &#34;solid&#34; &#34;green&#34;                                                                  img]
Number types What is the difference between a number, an integer, and a natural?
[2022w2-mt1] q5 Which check-expect did I miss? [2022w2-mt1] q5 Which check-expect did I miss?Here is my code:;; add dy to y. When crossing MID half dy, at STOP at BOT.;;;; **** PART B ****;;;; Complete the design of the tock function by adding check-expects.;; ALL your tests must be valid.;; Taken together your tests should be thorough.;; The provided function definition is correct. Again, you MUST NOT edit any;; part of this function design except to add check-expects.;;               3  ;;;;;;;;above MID  3;;;;;;overtake MID                3;;;;;;reach MID                3;;;;;;below MID                3;;;;;;;;;at the BOT               2;;;;;overtake the BOT               2;;;;;reach the BOT                            ; c ;stub               BOT ]        [                    MID  ;does c cross MID                MID ;on this tick?                                  2]        [                                 ]
Use of constants in tests In my problem set evaluation, I was deducted marks for not using constants in my check-expects. As the Pset involved a world program with constants like HEIGHT, WIDTH, etc., it made sense to use constants to improve readability and changeability. But I also heard that using data examples in check-expects is also not eptable since it would require scrolling up to understand the test. In recent lectures, constants specifically meant for testing were defined to make writing tests less cumbersome; however, this is covered in a later module so I&#39;m not sure if it is eptable in Midterm 1. So I was hoping for some clarification on when we should use constants in tests and when we shouldn&#39;t. 
Tests for parent function of a natural helper According to the design recipes page, we are allowed to assume that all helper functions, including the natural helper work properly in our tests. But in one of the midterms , I chose not to thoroughly test the boundary  since I already tested the boundary in the helper. But the auto grader said that my tests were not thorough. Including the boundary conditions for both parent and helper function solved the problem. So I was wondering whether it is eptable to only test the boundary conditions for the helper functions and not the parent functions in exams.
Helper rules Hi, I am still confused about the helper rule.Some previous posts mentioned that we need a helper function when there is more than one selector or a self-red and ref.Are there any other cases in which we need a helper function?Also, does the term selector refer to those expressions like string=? and conditions listed by the question?
Helper function ambiguity How much should a helper function be doing?For example in 2020W1 MT1 p4;; produce the number of solids in s whose volume is &gt;= the given volume 0  20 1                                                                                                                                                    100              2 1; 0 ; stub    ]         [                                        n]   0]        [          v 1 0             v];; produce the volume of a rectangular solid 24 ; 0 ; stub                               The helper function in the solution only produces the volume of the cube. How come it doesn&#39;t produce a boolean, stating if the volume was larger/smaller than n, similar to how 2022w1 mt1 p4 does it  or the profitable flights problem? Will we be penalized during exams if we decide to produce a boolean in the helper for similar questions?
2021w1-mt1- problem 5 Why does this use a cond? what is the rule here?
key event template ; ws ; stub    ]         [           ]                                       ]        [ ws]Why does the template in the solution not have &#34;c&#34; instead of &#34; &#34;?
[2022w2-mt1] q4 What if I want to multiply the first n numbers of a compound? What if I want to multiply the first n numbers of a compound? How can I solve it?Here is the solution to the original problem;; ListOfNumber is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of numbers                    self-ref          ; is ListOfNumber   ]        [                       ]#|Design a function that consumes a list of numbers , and a number n, in thatorder.  The function should compute the product of the numbers in the listas g as the numbers are &lt; n.  So, for example:                4should produce 6, which is 3 * 1 * 2But note that it only keeps going until the first element of the list thatis not &lt; n.Your function design must include a @signature, purpose, commented out stub,appropriate tests, a @template-origin tag, a @template tag, and a functiondefinition.This problem will be autograded.  NOTE that all of the following are required.Violating one or more will cause your solution to receive 0 marks.  - Files must not have any errors when the Check Syntax button is pressed.    Press Check Syntax and Run often, and correct any errors early.  - You must define a function with the same name as in the @htdf tag below.|#;; produce product of elements of  while each elt &lt; n 1 4 1 5               5               5              ; 0    ]         [                          n]   1]        [          n               n             1]
Docked on check-expect    ;fill in your CWL here  ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE!#|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7eJg7hRvqE The following function design has one or more errors and/or other design flaws.  Please fix the error and/or flaw that you find. PLEASE NOTE THAT:   - Any changes you make should preserve the existing design intent.   - Don&#39;t change things that do not need to change.  Do not entirely     rewrite the function to fix a small problem or small problems. |#;; produce  if the difference between the widths is at most n;; CONSTRAINT: the first image is always wider than the second                                                      50                                                                    60                                                                    120                                                                    50                                                                    51                                                                   49              ;    ;stub               n I was told to fix the function. The functions was lacking some tests for the boundary case. I was also told to always check one above and below for the boundary case to test the conditional operator. In this case I was docked marks for thoroughness why is that? Should I not test one above and below?This is the solution   ;fill in your CWL here  ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE!#| The following function design has one or more errors and/or other design flaws.  Please fix the error and/or flaw that you find. PLEASE NOTE THAT:   - Any changes you make should preserve the existing design intent.   - Don&#39;t change things that do not need to change.  Do not entirely     rewrite the function to fix a small problem or small problems. |# ; result  ;; produce  if the difference between the widths is at most n;; CONSTRAINT: the first image is always wider than the second                                                      50              ; changed to = case  boundary case                                                      60                                                                    120              ;        ; added          ; changed from &lt; to &lt;=                n
check-expects in debug question In debug questions, can I add more check-expects to make the tests more thorough even though it may not be necessary ? Will I e point because of that? Thanks!
What data definition type would this fit? ;; A driver&#39;s licence class in British Columbia.  BC defines the following;; classes of driver&#39;s licence:;;   - class 1;;   - class 2;;   - class 3;;   - class 4 restricted;;   - class 4 unrestricted;;   - class 5;;   - class 6;;   - class 7L;;   - class 7;;   - class 8L;;   - class 8Hello, I wanted to ask what data type this would fit under; the options given are ;; &#34;self-referential&#34;;; &#34;compound&#34;;; &#34;enumeration&#34;;; &#34;itemization&#34;;; &#34;simple atomic&#34;I thought it was itemization since It has class 4 and is either restricted or unrestricted.
Why is there a v here? [2022w1-mt1] Why is there a v here?
Do we use  in enumeration? I know that we need to use  in itemizations, but do we need to for enumerations?
Various complaints - Practice midterms are sorely lacking in documentation, which is kind of the sin of all inexperienced deveers.- I&#39;m one of those people who can hardly learn anything through online learning. This, doubled with questions asked in middle of online lectures, have made me e my mind. I&#39;ve had to stop attending.- In labs, one of the few places where there&#39;s human interaction, questions aren&#39;t answered. You have a problem, you&#39;re told more about the problem, and that&#39;s it. No solution provided.If I can&#39;t learn through online learning or labs, I guess this just leaves office hours. I&#39;m not sure whether I&#39;m supposed to do the whole course while taught by TAs in office hours. The time I&#39;ve learned most in the last month is an hour I&#39;ve spent with a friend who walked me through problem sets.I&#39;ve invented software before , these complaints aren&#39;t coming from someone who&#39;s not familiar with the field.-Converted as note - Martin
Gregor pop-up office hours It looks like I have time to do pop-up office hours.  I&#39;ll use the 9:30 lecture Zoom room and be available during the 9:30 regular lecture time today.  Depending on how that goes I&#39;ll  to do the same for the 12:30 time.
Template Origin Specifics Is anyone able to provide me with a specific instance where the @template-origin tag takes two entries instead of just one? I have seen comments about template origins in other threads but have not yet found a specific instance where there must be two entries for the tag. 
Lab-Exam Time Conflict My CPSC 121 exam begins at 6:00 pm, conflicting with my 110 lab next week. The alternate 121 exam ends at 9:30 AM on Thursday, also not giving me enough time to attend lecture.I was wondering if it is possible for me to attend a different lab section for next week to avoid the time conflict.
Modifying Template to Add Parameters In 2021s1-mt1-p4, the data definition for ListOfPhone is already complete with the template given below:   ]        [                       ]The &#34;count&#34; function expects to take in a list, as well as a brand  and a price . When modifying this template to take in a String and Natural ag with the ListOfPhone, would the following be correct?    ]         [           str n                str n]Hoping someone can clarify if parameters need to be added after every ellipsis and inside every function in the template. Thanks :
2022 MT1 W2 - Q4 Q. Design a function that consumes a list of numbers , and a number n, in that order.  The function should compute the product of the numbers in the list as g as the numbers are &lt; n.  So, for example  4 should produce 6, which is 3 * 1 * 2. Note that it keeps going until the first element of the list that is not &lt; n,so  9 produces 10.-&gt; So my question is what will the output number be when the list is   and the num is 6? Will it be 1 or .Idk if the list just exits when it finds a number &gt;= 6 or s it and keeps moving.[EDIT : I FIGURED IT OUT -&gt; It will be 1.]
Natural Recursion Renamed: 2022 w mt1 p4 So I was doing this problem and autograder told me that I somehow renamed the natural recursion although I dont see how I did so...   ]        [                       ]   0]        [                                 ]  ;; produce  if vol &lt; given and fragile       ; e                                   
Template origin for multiple primitive parameters As I am doing the practice midterms right now, I noticed a question similar to the one we had in lab 1. Multiple primitive types  are consumed by a function. In the lab, the template origin was given as String. Why? In general, what should we write in the template origin tag when there are multiple primitive parameters?
Test thoroughness 2022w2-mt1/mt1-p5 The purpose of the make-capsule function is:;; add dy to y. When crossing MID half dy, at STOP at BOT.I got the following feedback even though I varied my test values, and tested around boundaries, even when I included all the cases from the solution file. Does anyone see what I am missing? 42.9%  of    49%  x       Test thoroughness : incorrect - missing one or more cases. My check-expects:;testing around mid 2  2  3  4  2;testing when not around mid or bottom 1  1 5  5 10  10;testing around bottom 2  2 5  7 Solution file check-expects 3  3 4  2 6  3 3  3 2  4 
Cond Can you use cond if it is not in the template?
Clarification on @template-origin If we have multiple primitive parameters in the signature, for example , what should we put in @template-origin? Should it be , or just the first parameter ? Is there a general rule for template origins when it comes to multiple parameters?
Question about Autograder I have been doing past mid-term questions, and I keep experiencing Autograder being extremely picky about the numbers I use for my check-expect. I compare my solution to the answer key and have the exact same cases as the answer key, for example, what happens when x goes past a specific number. The only difference is the numbers I use are different from the answer key and I get docked marks for test thoroughness. Am I missing key information on how auto grader marks test thoughroughness  or do I just have to blindly pray that the numbers I choose for my tests are what autograder wants?  
2020w1-mt1/mt1-p1 question about check-expects ;; Design a function called stack that takes two strings and returns an image;; with the image of the shorter of the two strings displayed above the;; image of the ger of the two strings.  If the two strings have the same;; length, the image of the first should be above the image of the second.;; Use the provided constants as values for the text size and text colour.;; Ensure that you follow the complete htdf recipe and include every required;; element.  Also include a commented out copy of your function template.;;;; given two strings stack the image of the larger one on top,; -image                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Given the function is of the form String String -&gt; Image, it is obvious for me that the case of &#34;&#34; &#34;&#34; must be tested, and as a byproduct, it seems reasonable to test &#34;a&#34; &#34;&#34; and &#34;&#34; &#34;a&#34;. However, the autograder informs me that not only are my check-expects invalid, they also fail to catch two other possible cases. Could someone please lend me a second pair of eyes?
character limit warning line There was a yellow indicating line when I exceed the 80 character limit, but right now I only receive the error notice when I am ing to submit. I wonder where I can set up the line indicator again.
Don&#39;t understand why this is incorrect if it matches solution file? How come I&#39;m being dinged on thoroughness when I&#39;ve got the same number of tests as in the solution file? This is for exams/2023s-mt1 Problem 2.
Why is the self-reference not on the second element ;; Bazzle is one of:;;  - Number;;  - &#34;A&#34;;;  - &#34;B&#34;;;  - ;;  - Boolean   ]        [  ]        [  ] ;question could be        ;                                          ;simplified to         [                       ]        [         ]In the solution for 2021 w2 mt1 p3, why is the  on  instead of ? I thought that the self ref was usually placed on the second part, being  in this case
Natural helper removed from template When we create a data definition that has a reference to another type of non-primitive data, do we have to use the helper function included in the template? Or are we able to code the parent function without using the helper? I was just a bit confused about this since in Q5 of 2021s1-mt1, the solution had gotten rid of the fn-for-uni-color in the spin function.              SPEED              
Are we marked on comments? If we fill in a dd template, will we be marked on our comments, like stating number of cases and what each specific data type refers to?
Midterm 2023S MT1 P1 double checking my answers. Hi, I stumbled across a list of terms and I tried going through all the definitions of them. However, for some I am unsure. I&#39;d like someone to double check my work. For each of these, I have the term, the definition, and an example.question expression&#34;        ; the first part of a conditional  answer expression&#34;          ; the second part of a conditional  argument&#34;                   ; the inputs to a function  atomic distinct&#34;            ; a data that is distinct  &#34;N/A&#34;constant definition&#34;        ; a definition of a number that doesn&#39;t change  constant name&#34;              ; a call to a constant  HEIGHTdata example&#34;               ; an example of a data in a function definition  dd template rule&#34;           ; what the data can be  expression&#34;                 ; something that evaluates  function body&#34;              ; the body of the function  function call expression&#34;   ; the call of the function  function definition&#34;        ; the function definition   function example&#34;           ; the check-expects   4769function name&#34;              ; the name of the function  squareif statement&#34;               ; a conditional with an if    metadata annotation&#34;        ; the comments after the types  compound ; operand&#34;                    ; the primitive function that returns something  &#43;parameter&#34;                  ; the general placeholder for argument  structure definition&#34;       ; a compound data  template&#34;                   ; the template copied   type comment&#34;               ; the description of what the type can be  ;; Socks is one of: type name&#34;                  ; the name of the data type  Thank you so much!
Constraints Shouldn&#39;t we add something in this code so that if the user puts a grade of more than 100 ten it should show invalid or ? 900% grade is not possible but still, it is showing  This is the starter file of lecture 3.
Do we need to test for strings that are capitalized fully if it wasn&#39;t provided as an example? 
Signature Natural for Midterm 2021w1-mt1/mt1-p4 Why is the signature Output Natural? Was it the helper function, which indicated it would output a Natural, or was it the examples we were given, given all were rounded.As my argument for helper function stated that I could use the function image-area, or I could write my own helper that would have a number output. &#34;To help you we are providing an additional function, which you can use as if;; it was a primitive:&#34;   ;fill in your CWL here  ;DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE! ;;;; This is an HtDF problem. In your solution you must include a complete;; HtDF function design including all design elements, a commented out;; stub and all relevant @tags.;;;; - Submissions which do not pass a Check Syntax test will incur a;;   significant penalty.;; - Submissions that cannot even start running their tests will also;;   incur a significant penalty.;;;;;; CONSTANTS:   PLEASE USE THESE CONSTANTS IN YOUR CHECK-EXPECTS;;;;;; DATA DEFINITIONS:;;;; ListOfImage is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of images                    self-ref          ; is ListOfImage   ]        [                       ];;;; Please design a function that consumes a list of images as its first argument;; and a number as its second argument.  The function should produce the sum of;; the areas of just those images with area greater than the number.;;;; For example:;;    500;;;;  would produce 600.;;;; To help you we are providing an additional function, which you can use as if;; it was a primitive:;;;;   image-area   with signature  Image -&gt; Natural;;   produces the product of the image width * image height;;;; The definition for this function is at the end of the file.  We did not do;; a full htdf because this an exam.;;;; produce the sum of the areas of images w/ area greater than n 0                                      149                                                    150              600                                      151              600                                      500              600; 0    ]         [                                        n]   0]        [          n                                0             n];;********************************;; Supplied primitive below here.;;   
Cond questions if one-of the values in enumeration is  or  Lets say this data definition is given: `data is one-of:`   `- `  ` -` Then, the correct cond question for  will be: `[ ]`  And correct cond question for  will be: `[  ]` ` does not exist My question is, can we use `[  ]` for the `` value of enumeration?
both parameters same value ;; conumes an x and y and produces  if in 1st quadrant                                                                                    ;  ;stub     is it wrong to check the same value for both parameters at once. Also can someone clarify if I can ever have the same field value for check expects for compound data. Does this apply for a single check expect or does it mean that all my check expects cant use the same field types. 
2021 M2 p4 solution has error ;; increases funding by f , not exceeding target amount 100               100               100               100               200               ; p  ; stub                           n                                    fThis is the solution file.If you look at template and function definition, argument is different.  for template and  for function body.They are the same because in the signature, we mentioned Project Natural, however, when I typed differently last time, autograder decreases my mark before.Is it ok or error?
Lab Conflict Hi,If my Lab 5 is overlapping with a midterm for another course, would I be able to attend another lab section that week?Thank you in advance.
Does Natural incluse 0 or not? Does it include 0?
2022 w2 mt1 p5 I&#39;m a bit confused on how to read the function in Part B.For the highlighted part, I understand the function is saying if capsule-y c is &lt; MID and if  is &gt;= MID, then divide the dy by 2. However, I am having trouble understanding why the first and case is necessary. Doesn&#39;t capsule-y c is &lt; MID mean the capsule position is above the middle and thus, the velocity shouldn&#39;t be changed? Or am I not thinking about this correctly, any help would be appreciated! 
2021 S1 MT1 P5 - HTDD WorldStar Why does WorldStar only use ref template rules and not compound ? Would  not make the WorldStar data definition compound? Also, shouldn&#39;t it be WorldStar is ... instead of Star is ... in the definition type comment?;; =================;; Data definitions:;; UniColor is one of:;; - &#34;white&#34;;; - &#34;orange&#34;;; - &#34;blue&#34;;; - &#34;red&#34;;; interp. the color of an image     ]        [ ]        [   ]        [    ];; Star is ;; interp. the state of a star, where;;         rot is the angle of rotation in degrees;;         col is the color of the star;; TASK 1: Complete the Data Definition for WorldStar;         
 Autograder Additional Tests During Cooldown Hi all,During Problem Set 4, I was able to complete the entirety of the problem set except for one small difference: My interpretation of the handle-mouse function for adding a ball was different from the expected solution. The expected solution intended for the new ball being added to be placed at the start of the list, while my solution placed it at the end. This was an additional test case that t 1% on the final mark, despite the function passing all tests and completing the provided function purpose. I could have eventually figured out this expected solution if the autograder had given feedback on additional tests during the cooldown period. Instead, I tested 5 different configurations for that function restricting and varying different parameters, and testing different interpretations of the simple problem statement . This was a time-consuming and ultimately fruitless process that was hindered by the fact that the autograder did not check these additional tests during the cooldown period. Could this functionality of the autograder be changed to allow for these additional tests to be performed during the cooldown period? I don&#39;t think students should be forced to deal with the tedium of waiting an hour  between submissions to test one&#39;s interpretation of a problem, especially since instructors do not provide insight toward the intended interpretation. 
Lecture on Oct 5th? I might have missed it during the lecture but on the schedule for October 5th Thursday, it says that we have a midterm where it normally tells what we are learning during the lecture. So are we doing lecture 9 and is BST going to be on the midterms?
2022w1 mt1 q2 My autograder is saying i have needless change for render function.This is the original file,;; render vega star with given length, rotated by r at the screen&#39;s center                                          CTR                           CTR                           MTS                                         CTR                           CTR                           MTS; MTS                           MODE COLOR               CTR               CTR               MTSand this is my solution. I put modulo here. Why do not this function need modulo?;; render vega star with given length, rotated by r at the screen&#39;s center                                          CTR                           CTR                           MTS                                         CTR                           CTR                           MTS                                         CTR                           CTR                           MTS; MTS                          360  MODE COLOR               CTR               CTR               MTS
Debug given code and testcases If a question asks to debug given code such that there is as little change as possible , if I add testcases that aren&#39;t neccessarily required, but make the overall testcase batch better, will marks be deducted?
2020w1-mt1/mt1-p1 Can someone please explain why/if these are redundant check-expects? Given the function is of the form String String -&gt; Image, it is obvious for me that the case of &#34;&#34; &#34;&#34; must be tested, and as a byproduct, it seems reasonable to test &#34;a&#34; &#34;&#34; and &#34;&#34; &#34;a&#34;. However, the autograder informs me that not only are my check-expects invalid, they also fail to catch two other possible cases. Could someone please lend me a second pair of eyes?
Confused about templates with a list and another parameter This is from 2021w2-mt1 problem 4. fund-projects takes in  and parameter f, so shouldn&#39;t the first cond question answer pair be []. Shouldn&#39;t f be added to the     ]         [                                        f]   ]        [          f                f]This is a similar question from 2022w1 mt1 problem 4, and it adds the parameter v to the     ]         [                         ]   0]        [                                         0            ]Which one is correct? Is the f supposed to be added to ?
Question on check-expects for pset 1 I was reviewing my pset problems and re soloved the PSET 1 problem 6.I made some changes to my check-expects and the auto grader is not giving me a full mark. I think my new check expects are well-formed. Is there any mistake or problem I made?1.The original check-expects                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2. The NEW check-expects                                                                                                                              
Names for structure definitions The style rules don&#39;t have any guidelines for how names for structure definitions in the  should be formatted. From course materials, it is always formatted all in lowercase. I was wondering whether you are allowed to use hyphens in structure names. It feels like the code could get confusing to read since a hyphen is also used for the selector. 
2021 W1 MT1 Question 5 Hello,For the check-expects for the render-cat function , I understand that we need to test the bounds. So this would include right before, at, and after the bound for LEFT and RIGHT.Additionally, I know that we need to test the middle of the screen when the cat is travelling across. In my check-expects, to test the middle, I had the below test but the autograder marked it incorrect. When looking at the solutions, it uses the constant MID to test the middle.If I&#39;m not mistaken, wouldn&#39;t the logic be the same if I used an x of 20 or 40 as opposed to MID?
Check-expects Is it okay to have comments above my check-expects or do I need to delete them before I submit?;; delivered ;; delivered tomorrow ;; delivered today ;; &#34;not shipped&#34; ;; &#34;t&#34; ;; delivered in a few days 
Missed a lab and did not get a response for academic consession I missed a lab due to having covid on sept 25 and submitted a consession form but did not get a response about it.
Own solution question Helllo for problem 2 2022w2-mt1 I used string-ith instead of what the solution did and still got 100% on auto grader is that okay? am I allowed to use that built in function?This is my function bodyThis is solutions
largest-solution.rkt ;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Recall the data definition for a list of numbers:;; ;; ListOfNumber is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of numbers                    self-ref            ; is ListOfNumber                       ]        [                       ];; =================;; Functions:;; Design a function that consumes a list of numbers and produces the largest ;; number in the list. You may assume that all numbers in the list are greater;;  than 0. If the list is , produce 0.;; produce the largest number in the given list, or -inf.0 if  -inf.0 identity ;is result -inf.0 ? 60 50; 0 ;stub    ]         [                         ]   -inf.0]        [                                    ]The code above is the solution code from largest-solution.rkt a problem from the practice problems.I am wondering what is  -inf.0 identity? What is check-satisfied and the -inf.0?This was my solution to the question...;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Recall the data definition for a list of numbers:;; ;; ListOfNumber is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of numbers                    self-ref            ; is ListOfNumber                       ]        [                       ];; =================;; Functions:;; Design a function that consumes a list of numbers and produces the largest ;; number in the list. You may assume that all numbers in the list are greater;; than 0. If the list is , produce 0.;;produce largest number in list, from list of numbers consumed;;CONSTRAINT, all #s in list &gt; 0 0 ;base case 42 60 2; 0;stub   ]        [                       ]   0]        [                                   ]
2022 mt1 q2 why is it using cond here, is that not changing the template?                        MAX-SIZE                              SPIN-SPEED]        [  MIN-SIZE                              SPIN-SPEED]        [                                                   SPIN-SPEED]
2022 w2 p4 what my code is incorrect? This is my code;; Floo is one of:;;  - &#34;N/A&#34;;;  - Number;;  -    ]        [ ]        [                       ]This is solution;; Floo is one of:;;  - &#34;N/A&#34;;;  - Number;;  -                     self-ref           ; is Floo    ]        [ ]        [                       ]My grade is decreased because I did not use  and  even though they are exactly the same as  and .Also, as far as I know, in the HtDD webpage, it shows use first and rest not specifically mention the data type.Why is that?
2022 w2 mt1-p4 Hi, I’m curious about why the result type for this question is number not natural? The check-expects in solution all seem to produce positive whole numbers.
Templating Multiple Data I had a quick question about templates. I&#39;m a little confused about templating when there is more than one parameter for a function. I know we use the template of the TypeData we have a template for; however, in some cases like for the KeyEvent function where we consume KeyEvent and a list for example the template seems to change.I understand that the template in that case is from KeyEvent, but in the @template-origin tag do we also add, for example ListOfFlight, String, etc.Likewise, some KeyEvent or MouseEvent templates have the typical predicate cond question but then have , , etc as their answer. Is that because we use the main template for KeyEvent/MouseEvent and then operate on the other DataType?Thank you.
Don&#39;t understand why the Gsary example calls these three things operands? I don&#39;t quite understand how the primitive color operator  call contains 3 operands? I was under the assumption that operands are expressions within a function call waiting to be evaluated to actual values, which at that point become arguments?  would be an operand and  where 5 would be an argument. Where am I off in my thinking here and what would that make &#34;c&#34; as it&#39;s not really a value yet?
Operand&#39;s definition wrt &#34;the operator name in a primitive call expression&#34;? I&#39;m struggling to understand what an example looks like for the highlighted portion of Operand&#39;s definition. I believe the first part of the definition reflects something like the following, but what would a good example be for the second part of the definition referencing &#34;the operator name in a primitive call expression&#34;?  -&lt;  AND  are the operands here.?
Difference between Itemization &amp; Mixed Data Itemization in Gsary? What&#39;s the main difference between Itemization and Mixed Data Itemization as per the Gsary definitions?
2023S MT1 P5 ;; produce number of flights w/ origin =/= desination and load/capacity &lt; 0.8 0 1 2; 0 ; stub    ]         [                         ]   0]        [                                   ]Above is the function for unprofitable-flights. I was wondering how add1 worked inside this function. I know that add1 increments a number by 1. But I&#39;m giving add1 a list rather than a number?
Questions for pset 4 cool down period I submitted pset4 a couple of times today before the cool-down time. I got 88 once and then 0 for the last . During the cool-down period, I corrected everything, it shows all correct but no score during the cool-down period. However, the cool-down time is over at 10 p.m. So, will my score be 0 88 or 100 Does the cool-down period count for a grade? This is my first time encountering this situation because I forgot I needed to make up my lab. I apologize if I asked similar questions, which have been resolved before. I looked through but did not find replies.
Why didn&#39;t we need to add self-recursion to ? This is from 2022w2-mt1 problem 3. I understand that  is compound and  is Bar which is a self ref. However, isn&#39;t  also Bar? Isn&#39;t this also a self ref? Why didn&#39;t we add self-ref  for that one?;; Bar is one of:;;  - &#34;none&#34;;;  - &#34;error&#34;;;  - ;;  -                     self-ref        ; is Bar                    compound        ;                    self-ref       ; is Bar    ]        [  ]        [                       ]        [                                     ]
2021 S1 MT1 SPD Handin bug? I&#39;m currently doing the 2021 S1 MT1 as practice. I just finished the first question and submitted it to the autograder. However, the autograder only releases the handin file and not the autograded report with grades and feedback. Does anyone know what&#39;s up with that?
PSet 4 submission error Hey, I submitted my pset 4 just before the deadline but got the following error message. I made sure to update my Dr.racket version before submitting the pest. I went back and double checked the file but couldn&#39;t find any specific errors. Is there any chance that this pset submission is still considered for grading please?AUTOGRADING GRADE:   0    Error running submission submissions/psets/pset-04/submissions/handin -&gt;: may only occur within signatures  in: -&gt;.
Question about argument type in result type in signature I was working through the 2022w1-m1 question 4, and I was confused about why autograder said that Number is the argument type even though Natural is the result type in the signature:At first, I thought that the signature was  volume would be a positive number or zero.Why is Number used as an argument type?EDIT: Here is what the question asks:Design a function that produces the total weight of all the packages in the listthat both contain fragile items and have a volume less than given.  For example:  should produce 300 since P4 is the only package in the list that containsfragile items and has a volume less than 40.    should produce 500 since both P3 and P4 contain fragile items and have a volume less that 150; their combined weights is 300 &#43; 200.Purpose:;; produce total weight of pkgs in list with vol &lt; v and contain fragile items
Error message popping up when handing in problem set Hi I was going to hand in my problem set 4 around the due date time and the error message came up saying: &#34; login error: [cwl] may not submit assignment psets/pset-04.&#34;I am not sure what that message means but I hope I will be able to hand in my problem set still.  Is there a way that I could still had it in even though the deadline time has passed?
2020 W1 MT1 P2 The file for problem 2 in 2020 W1 MT1 uses some predicates from Intermediate Student Language as well as the concept of Tail Recursion. Should I attempt to do it anyways or should I ignore it?Screenshot_2023-10-03_at_10.04.47_PM.png
Problem Bank Self-Ref P3 boolean-list I&#39;m quite confused about the body of the function.Why do we use  ?Or specifically, what role is  playing?
No feedback from autograder No feedback from autograder before the cooldown ends, even though it says that signature, test validity, and test thoroughness results are reported. Can someone help please?
What does this definition of operand mean? I am reading the Gsary and I am confused about what they mean by &#34;&#34;? Do they mean the operators are also called operands? For instance, &#43; - * /, are these called operands as well?
2019 W1 MT1 - Question 6 Hello,Just wondering why the function &#34;padding&#34; does not work given that the problem statement says that we can use it. When I  running, it just says &#34;padding: this function is not defined&#34;.
Why is this giving me a test validity error? ;; add dy to y. When crossing MID half dy, at STOP at BOT.               5               5 5               5               3               3  3               3               ; c ;stub               BOT ]        [                    MID  ;does c cross MID                MID ;on this tick?                                  2]        [                                 ]I found out it was the first check-expect but I still do not understand why. I am just testing a simple example where there is no change in behaviour.
Is todays Zoom office hour at 7:00-8:00 happening? The zoom room does not seem to be opening Is this still happening:  Paul &amp; SallyTuesday, October 3 19:00-20:00 Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09, the room is not opening on zoom
ping steps? 2021s1 mt1 problem1 How am i wrong for having these steps in my answer and why does the solution file not include them?? ]        [  4 ]        [ ]]        [  4 ]        [ ]  4 ]        [ ] 4 ]        [ ] ]  ;; solution s this step        [ ] ]   ;; solution s this step        [ ]]        [ ]11;;================= SOLUTION FILE=================== ]      [  4 ]      [ ]]      [  4 ]      [ ]  4 ]      [ ] 4 ]      [ ]]      [ ]11This is the feedback that the autograder gives me correct:   4                          jumped to incorrect new step:                            jumped to incorrect new step:                            correct:   
Is this fine? Is it fine if I use this? Like the &#34;=&#34; all the way to 80 character limit to just help me have the whole thing organized on the psets and the midterm? Like between sections, such as , , , etc...
2022 W1 MT1 P1 self-ref I am a little confused about self-references.I understand that in the data definition&#39;s type comment, specifically in , Foo is a self-reference, but why isn&#39;t Number in  also a self-ref to the &#39;Number&#39; type that is also in the type comment?Is it because Number is not the name of the data definition , and because Number is a primitive type whereas Foo is not?Adding on, is this also why there is no natural recursion from  to fn-for-foo in the fn-for-foo function definition?Thank you. ;; Foo is one of:;; - Number;; - &#34;red&#34;;; - &#34;green&#34;;; -    ]        [    ]                [  ]        [                       ]
Don&#39;t understand when and when not to include Type in KeyEvent Template Origin tag For Midterm 2021s1-mt1 problem 5, why was I dinged for including the &#34;WorldStar&#34; type in the KeyEvent template-origin tag. I&#39;ve seen it be done like this in plenty of other example problems and we are actually using the worldstar template in the handle-key function.2021s1-mt1
Iclicker attendance I’m in 12:30-2 lecture session but I just saw a recorded absence happening at 2:37?  I’m a bit confused about it
why self-ref and not ref  How do we know the difference between a ref and self ref in the data type, from my understanding for this question this is the dd template rules that i wrote;; Bazzle is one of:;;  - Number;;  - &#34;A&#34;;;  - &#34;B&#34;;;  - ;;  - Boolean   ]        [  ]        [  ]        [                        ]    ;;if it was self-ref we would hv fn-for...        [         ]        However, the autograder says that ref is incorrect and the solution file also uses self-ref instead. Isnt self-ref for listofsomething data definitions, here bazzle is just  and string is already a predefined data type so whats the self reference doing.I understand in another case like below: why we have self-ref and ref because we are defining Project and ListOfProject;; ListOfProject is one of;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of projects                    ref              ;  is Project                    self-ref        ;  is ListOfProject   ]        [                       ]I hope my questions not too confusing and i appreciate your help if you can explainIN A GIST:Why is the data type self ref in the first bit of code?
questions about function body?    1]        [          n               n             1]why is this incorrect    1]        [          num                num               num]
Lab 4 Challenge Question - Blinking Cursor Hi, I&#39;m having trouble running my challenge question code for the editor lab. I&#39;m unsure where I should fix for my blinking cursor to work. I tried running  in the terminal and Drracket gives me: editor-pre: expects an editor, given But I followed the template and am unsure why editor-pre expects an editor when it should be a String?The error points to  in my render function:    TEXT-SIZE TEXT-COLOR                                                                                                             TEXT-SIZE TEXT-COLOR                 MTSSome other things I&#39;m not sure about are my main function  and if there&#39;s any other parameters to put into the run-editor function:               ; Editor -&gt; Image        ; Editor KeyEvent -&gt; Editor     ; Editor -&gt; BooleanBut what I&#39;m most unsure about is whether my on-tick function is correct, because I don&#39;t entirely understand it. How do I make it so  switches between  and ? ;; on tick, produce cursor at next state; if , becomes  and vice versa                            ;                      Thank you!
CHECK-EXPECT BASE CASES for HTDF PROBLEMS So for Base Cases like for htdf problems:-For Strings we keep the base-case to be &#34;&#34;For Image the bases is to be -imageFor Natural it is 0 but my question is should also test Integer and Number as 0 as those two can go on the negative end?
what is the reason that spnnin-bear starter only run at ? Not only in my function but also solution file, the world doesn&#39;t run when I put , only run for What is the reason?Thank you;; Functions:;; start the world with         ; ListOfBear -&gt; ListOfBear        ; ListOfBear -&gt; Image      ; ListOfBear Integer Integer; MouseEvent -&gt; ListOfBear
DrRacket It keeps giving me this message... All other files are working fine but the naturals starter for today&#39;s lecture does not run
Lecture Starter Arrange-images I was wondering why the template origin in the insert function is only ListOfImage while it consumes Image and ListOfImage. I understand we just got the template from the htdd part of ListOfImage, but why the template origin in the larger? function is image while we don’t actually have a htdd of Image?;; insert img in proper place in loi ;; CONSTRAINT: loi is sorted                                                        ; loi ;stub    ]         [                         ]   ]        [                                                      ];; produce  if img1 is larger than img2  ;; !!!                   ;stub
spd.plt plugin update Server Error After the new update to the spd plugin, I now get a server error whenever I  to hand in my DrRacket files : application: not a procedure; expected a procedure that can be applied to argument  given: #&lt;void&gt;I&#39;ve tried:- Restarting DrRacket- Reinstalling DrRacket- Wiping all DrRacket program files and setting it back up after reinstallationEven then, this issue still persists. This prevents me from handing in my files at all, in which they cannot be autograded. Is there any way to fix this issue?Thanks
Just wonder if I start from m05-arrange-images-v5-starter.rkt, am I going to get some deduct mark&#xff1f; 
Is it better to write the actual lists out instead of using variables in our check-expects? For instance, this is from 2021s1-mt1 question 6:;; produce the count of phones in  from brand br that cost less than price  0  0 1 2  0In the check-expects, they used LOP3 which is defined right above. Is it better to write the actual elements of the list out? Like  cons ...... ? Or can we define LOP3 like this and just use the variable in the check-expects?
What is the difference between combination and contribution? I remember Professor Gregor used to mention these two definitions in class, but I forget what they mean. By the way, where we can find the hand draft of the lecture notes which demonstrates design thinking?
Can cond expressions be within an if expression? Vice versa? Hi! I am not sure if there is some sort of rule that prohibits this but can I write a cond expression within an if expression? And vice versa, can I write an if expression within cond expression? Or would it be considered repetitive and there would definitely be a better way to write the function? 
Tuesday Lecture Will the material today be covered on the midterm?
Drracket keeps crashing I&#39;m not too sure if this is related but I just downloaded the new spd.plt handing update and drracket keeps crashing every so often. Is there a fix? I also got a couple of memory leaks
Submissions Used too much memory AUTOGRADING GRADE:   0    Submission used too much memoryHello, I ran the file before finishing and waited for 2 minutes, but it still gives me this error. All my tests work. There are no check-syntax given. 
Will the lowest two lecture grades  be dropped still? How do we know our final lecture grade? We didn&#39;t have iclickers for the first 7 lectures. Will the lowest two lecture grades still be dropped?also where to see the actual problem set grades and lab grades? I can&#39;t find them on canvas.
PSET Grading Partial Grade I got a partial grade for one of the three questions on the g PSET Grading during lab. My Pset score was 100. What will be the new score?
2022 w2 m1 Q5 This is from PART B of 2022 W2M1 P5I believe I have all the necessary check-expects. I have compared my code with the solution and both codes have  and  check-expects. But, why is this not getting full marks from autro grader? ;TOP  3;about to arrive mid  1  1;just arrived at mid 2 ;passing mid 3               ;starting over mid  3                3;BOT about to arrive 3               3;arrived bot 3              ;pass bot 3              
80 character limit Sometimes when working through my code, and I ctrl-I the code reformats and goes past the 80-character limit                                                                                      I uploaded a photo in this case to see the way in which it passes the yellow line.Would I just force a line break in this case? How would I do this without breaking style rules? Are there any style rules regarding this? I know for this example the best case would be to press &#34;enter&#34; before . However, sometimes the code function or expression can get quite g and I am unsure of where to press &#34;enter&#34; ....Thanks!
Template-origin without Data Definition MT1- 20221 S1-MT1 I am confused of how should i derive my template-origin tags for cases which doesnt have any data definition DD:-Do I pick the one with the most  amounts of repetition in the signature?;; produce  if the difference between the widths is at most n;; CONSTRAINT: the first image is always wider than the second                                                      50                                                                    60                                                                    120                                                                    50                                                                    51                                                                    49              ;    ;stub              n
should I put &#39;?&#39; when the function produce Boolean? This is 19w2 mt1 problem 3.there is mark portion whether I put ? or not.Should we put &#34;?&#34; in the function call when it produce boolean?                        ;1. PREDICATE NAME NEEDS TO INCLUDE ?   ;2.SIGNATURE NUMBER IMAGE SWITCHED;; produce  if img perimeter is bigger than given value,  otherwise 20  40   40 ;3. CHECK PERIMETER =;4. SUFFICIENT NUMBER VARIANCE IN TESTS;   ;stub  ;5. MUST PRODUCE BOOLEAN      2  2 n ;6. PREFIX &#43;
can I get mark even tho my solution is different with solution file? 2019 W1 MT1 problem 5This is my answer and got exactly the same result.;; produce  if image fits inside of a rectangle of given width and height 20 30  10 15  25 6 ;  ;stub       and this is the solution file.where do I e mark if it is real exam?  ;Number would have been OK;; produce  if image w, h are &lt; given w, h 11 21 #t 11 20 #f 20 31 #f 31 19 #f  9 21 #f;  ;stub                              ;the number type is OK      w        h
2020 W2 MT1 Q4 Autograder keeps saying test thoroughness is incorrect for part 2 in problem 4 of the exam. Problem 2 only asked to fix errors and my check-expects match the solution as well. Could it be that it is saying that for part 3? In that case too, my check expects are very similar to the solution. I have pasted my code below. I am really struggling to understand why my checks are never thorough enough:;;==========================================;; Constants   ;pops when &gt; this radius;;=================================================;; Data Definitions:;; Balloon is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp.;;    means the balloon has popped ;;   otherwise the balloon&#39;s x and y coordinates and radius, all in pixels;;   REMEMBER y increases going down;;   CONSTRAINT: r &lt;= MAX-RADIUS, past this balloon is represented as ;;   NOTE: no constraints on x, y. We don&#39;t care if balloons leave window         ;3 fields   ]        [                                       ];; ListOfBalloon is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of balloons is Balloon                    self-ref        ; is ListOfBalloon  ]        [                       ];;===================================================;; Functions   ;; start the world with     ;ListOfBalloon -&gt; ListOfBalloon    ;ListOfBalloon -&gt; Image      ;ListOfBalloon Integer Integer MouseEvent;;                            ;   -&gt; ListOfBalloon;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ABOVE HERE;; on mouse click add a Balloon at mouse x, y with INITIAL-RADIUS                                                            10 40                           &#34;button-down&#34;                                                             ; lob ;stub    ]         [          ]            lob]        [ lob] ;this is actually problem 4.2 - DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE!;; produce the next lob by producing the next balloon for every balloon                                                                                                               ; lob ;stub   ]         [                         ]   ]        [                        ];; move y by FALL-SPEED; grow radius by GROW-SPEED, pop if &gt; MAX-RADIUS                               MAX-RADIUS              ; b ;stub    ]         [                                          ]   ]        [          GROW-SPEED MAX-RADIUS                                         FALL-SPEED                            GROW-SPEED             ] ;this is actually problem 4.3 - DO NOT EDIT OR DELETE THIS LINE!;; render all balloons as green circle radius r at x,y, if popped show nothing MTS MTS                                                                              10 20 MTS                                          30 20 MTS                                                                                                                         11 27                            200 230 MTS                                                                                                                                                                                 11 27                            200 230                                                                     98 56 MTS; MTS ;stub   ]         [                         ]   MTS]        [                                  ];; produce image of the balloon with r at x,y pos of balloon on the given img -image MTS MTS                                         10 20 MTS -image               200 230 -image; -image ;stub    ]         [                                          ]   img]        [          &#34;solid&#34; &#34;green&#34;                        img]        
evaluation for and &amp; or expression Do we follow the evaluation steps like the steppers or the language page in edX?In the steppers, all the arguments  are kept in the and expression like this:while in the language page, if the first expression is , we drop itwhich way is epted please?  Thanks!
understanding function call expression In 23s m1 problem 1 solution, I don&#39;t understand why  is a function call expression.In the gsary of edx, the example of function call expression is: , so I thought a function call expression should be an expression that use a function name we defined before.However, in  random isn&#39;t a function name designed before, so it makes me wonder about the exact definition of function call expression. Thank you!
What is meant by testing both sides of natural recursion? It was mentioned that for natural recursion we should test both sides. What does this mean?
Question about check-expects in general I was doing the past midterm exams, and on mt1-2023w-p5, I was working on making a helper function, starting with the check-expects. Am I allowed to have operations in my check-expect or should they just have clear values?Here is what I had:                                     0.8 ;                                    0.8 ;                                    0.8 ;Instead of what the answer key had:                                                                                     I know my check-expects are less readable, but they have less calculation error  and have the same outcome as the answer key. The operations I made also helped me a lot with forming the low-load-international? function. Are my check-expects eptable for exams? Thank you! For context, here are the constants: Edit: I realize my check-expects are missing some test cases, though. 
Combination Why is  &#34;UBC                               The combination. Should the combination just not be if.
lecture starter ;; Bear is ;; interp.  is the state of a bear, where;;          x is the x coordinate in pixels, restricted to [0,WIDTH];;          y is the y coordinate in pixels, restricted to [0,HEIGHT];;          r is the angle of rotation in degreesWhy does r have to be an integer. In my example I set it as number because it can be a decimal. Why is that incorrect?.
Unable to run file due to errror I am ing to complete the second practice problem for module 4b on edx. As instructed I first created a simple version of the world and then began to update it. However, while changing the render function, I encountered the following error that stops me from checking the check expects. I have increased the memory capacity several times but nothing has changed. Screenshot_2023-10-02_183109.pngScreenshot_2023-10-02_183135.png
Having two Data types and @template-origin In instances like Mouse and Keyevent, why do we only include MouseEvent or KeyEvent as the template-origin but not the WS  in the template-origin? Also if we had 2 similar datatypes like , which one should we pick for the @template-origin or could we include both?
Natural Numbers I&#39;m a little confused as to how Number can be self-referential data as I don&#39;t understand why  is Natural when Natural is defined as either  or ;; Natural is one of:;;  - 0;;  - ;; interp. a natural number         ;0 ;1 ;2   ]        [         ]
What is structure definition and matadata annotation? As the title, what is structure definition and matadata annotation? Could you please give some example aboyt those two things? I found them in the 2023 mt1 question 1.
2023s mt1 p5 In the solution file, the natural helper was named unprofitable-flight? and consumed a Flight and produced Boolean, and it produces  if the given flight is low load factor and international. But in my solution, the natural helper was named unprofitable-flight and it consumed a Flight and produced a Natural and it produces 1 if the flight is low load factor and international, otherwise it produces 0.Even though my helper function was different, it still followed all the rules and my unprofitable-flights function works perfectly and passes all the autograder tests. I was wondering how I was supposed to know to write the helper function in that specific way because in the file there weren&#39;t any instructions on how to write the helper function.
Server error Why do I get the message “login error: must update to newest spd.plt file in order to submit.” I started getting this message just today and it has never happened to me before. What can I do to fix it?
mt1-2022w-p5 This is my check-expects: ;; hits bottom 5              ;; past bottom 10              ;; ce to bottom 8               8;; hits middle 20              ;; goes past middle 26               ;; ce to middle 3               3This is the solution: 3  3 4  2 6  3 3  3 2  4 When I submit my check-expects, autograder says i&#39;m missing some but all of mine is the same as the solution. I tried submitting the solution and autograder marks it correct????????
Natural Numbers I&#39;m just a little confused as to why  is a Natural when Natural is defined as either  or ;; Natural is one of:;;  - ;; - 
does expression have to be a maths operation? Expression can only be something like  right? ? And if an expression occurs in the function body it is called a function call expression right? Thank u so much!
For this debugging question, does this count as an improvement to the program? This is problem 2 in 2022w1 mt1. I am confused about why the template is considered an error:;; up increases dl by 1, down decreases dl by 1, r sets dl to 0 &#34;up&#34;               &#34;up&#34;               &#34;down&#34;               &#34;down&#34;               &#34;r&#34;               &#34;r&#34;               &#34;b&#34;              ; v               ]         [            ]         [            ]             ]        [           ]        [                       0              v]The solution corrected it like this by adding a question answer pair for :               ]         [            ]         [            ]         [            ]             ]        [           ]        [          0 ]        [ v]Why was it considered an error before? Is because if expressions are not allowed in cond expressions themselves? 
Movie-Starter  This is the code, I have for Movie-Starter!;; movie-starter.rkt;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Movie is ;; interp. information about the movie.;;         title tells us the title of the movie;;         budget tells us the movie&#39;s budget;;         year-released tells us which year the movie was released                ;; =================;; Functions:;; produces the title of the most recenttly released movie when given 2 movies &#34;Avatar&#34; &#34;The Avengers&#34; &#34;The Avengers&#34;; &#34;&#34;     ;stub                                  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;I have a couple of questions:1. In the , can I use year-released or do I have to use something , like year_released? Reason I am asking this is because if I keep year-released, in the , change from:                to this?                 or would it stay the same?2. In the functions, is the template-origin supposed to be Movie or not? Reason I am asking is because I added new variables and also removed the variable used in the template of Movie. Like I added m1 and m2 and removed m.3. In my function template, would it be:                   OR                                           Why?Thank you so much for your help!
KeyEvent and MouseEvent Question Does anybody know how to derive KeyEvent and MouseEvent from large enumeration? Sorry I’m just a little confused on how it works.
2022 W2 Q3     ]        [  ]        [                        ]        [                                     ]is the b-one? b supposed to be a guard for which list?
2021 W1 M1 Q4 - Test Thoroughness The autograder keeps saying my test thoroughness isn&#39;t correct. I am not sure what cases I am missing. Here is my code :;; CONSTANTS:   PLEASE USE THESE CONSTANTS IN YOUR CHECK-EXPECTS;;;;;; DATA DEFINITIONS:;;;; ListOfImage is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of images                    self-ref          ; is ListOfImage   ]        [                       ];;;; Please design a function that consumes a list of images as its first argument;; and a number as its second argument.  The function should produce the sum of;; the areas of just those images with area greater than the number.;;;; For example:;;    500;;;;  would produce 600.;;;; To help you we are providing an additional function, which you can use as if;; it was a primitive:;;;;   Image -&gt; Natural;;   image-area   ;;   produces the product of the image width * image height;;;; The definition for this function is at the end of the file.  We did not do;; a full htdf because this an exam.;;;; add the areas of images that are greater than the given number 0;small 1000.2 0 5000 0 800  800.5 ;equal 150 0 150 0 150 400 400 1800 1800 0 1800 0;greater 200 1800 300 ;all combined 1800 4800; 0 ;stub    ]         [                          a]   0]        [          a                              a              a]             ;;********************************;; Supplied primitive below here.;;   
2019 W2 M1 Problem 3 &amp; 5 Hi, I have a question about the order of the data type we put in the signature. From problem 3, it says we need to debug the signature because the order of Image and Number is switched. I think I can understand that because the check-expects have Image as first parameter and Number as second parameter.  This is the debugged version from solution:                                          ;1. PREDICATE NAME NEEDS TO INCLUDE ?   ;2.SIGNATURE NUMBER IMAGE SWITCHED;; produce  if img perimeter is bigger than given value,  otherwise 20  40   40 However, for problem 5, the question has , the question:;; on space flip rate from &#43; to - or vice versa; on p change color to purple B0 B0 B0    B2; b;  ; stubso I assumed that we should write the template this way, I wrote it this way and my function also passed the check-expects:              ]                   [                                                                                                          ]                               [                                                                                                         ]                               [ ]]   ]        [                                                                                                      ]                    [                                                   &#34;purple&#34;                                                  ]                    [ b]]The solution has switched the order though. So I&#39;m a bit confused, will both of them work, and how should we determine the order or the data types in the signature? Thank you!  Solution:;; SOLUTION              ]                [                                                       ]]         [           ]                [                                                       ]]         [           ]
2022 w mt1 p4 I get that since  delivery-weight takes two variables we would need to ount for the second variable v, however, I don&#39;t understand why we would have to add v into the answer expression for      ]         [                         ]
If i want something in my data defintion to If I want something in my data definition to be any number greater than 1. Should I say it is a number but put the constraint as greater than zero or should I say it is a natural?
simplification     ]        [ ]        [                       ]can this not be simplified to this    ]        [ ]        [                         ]
Why? Capture.PNGwhy would F be a function call expression and not an operand?
2021 mt1-p4 Hi, I’m confused about the signature result type in this question. It shows on solution that , but shouldn’t it be number because natural does not include 0 but 0 appears in one of the check-expect.
Naturals: Parlor Trick Hi, I&#39;m a bit confused about the styling conventions in the parlor trick on the edX video. More specifically, I&#39;m wondering the following:Why is NATURAL all caps? It&#39;s not only a data definition but it&#39;s not necessarily a constant because the gsary states: &#34;A constant is named value defined using define.&#34;Why are the primitives that operate on NATURAL all caps ? These are, to my knowledge, functions because they satisfy the following criteria listed in the gsary: Name, 1&#43; parameter, and bodyThank you!
Class on Oct 4? Since the Midterm starts at 7 pm on Oct 4, will there be a lecture with new content/clicker or is it for MT review? I checked the schedule but it only had the MT listed that day so I was unsure.
Mt1 P2 2023  ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line;; produce first character of first, &#34;_&#34;, last and hostname appended together;; CONSTRAINT: first, last, and hostname are not  strings &#34;s_roy@waystar.com&#34; &#34;g_hirsch@mail.com&#34;; &#34;&#34; ;stub                      &#34;_&#34;                 last                 hostnameThis is the code from the mt1 p2 solution from 2023 summer. I am wondering why is it . Doesn&#39;t @template-origin take in the first part of the Signature? I might be wrong on this point...The Signature says we take in 3 strings so should the template-origin be  instead?Could somebody explain to me the reason why it is  not Thanks!
My code work and got 100 on autograder, but solution file is different This is the p6 of the 2020s1 mt1.First one is my file and the second one is the solution file.When I submit it, I get 100 and it works.If it is real test, where do I t my mark?; produce number of phones in list of given brand anad less than given price 0 &#34;Google&#34; 1200 1 &#34;Samsung&#34; 100 0 &#34;Google&#34; 100 0 &#34;Apple&#34; 1050 1                                  &#34;Samsung&#34; 1000              2                                                       &#34;Google&#34;                     5000              3; 0 ;stub    ]         [                         ]   0]        [          b p             b p];; produce 1 if phone has same brand as string and less price than natural &#34;Google&#34; 50 0 &#34;Google&#34; 500 0 &#34;Google&#34; 50 0 &#34;Google&#34; 150 1 &#34;Google&#34; 600 0 &#34;Google&#34; 100 0; 0 ;stub                                 pr      1      0 ^^^ my file ^^^^   /// v v v solution file v v v;; produce the count of phones in  from brand br that cost less than price  0  0 1 2  0; 0 ;stub    ]         [                                        s               n]   0]        [          br pr              br pr              br pr];; produce  if the phone&#39;s brand is br and it costs less than pr   ;  ;stub                           s        n   br        pr
why we don&#39;t need guard  here? Why don&#39;t we need a guard  here
mutual-reference and natural mutual recursion on 2021s1 mt1 p3 Hello, I found this kind of question on the problem 3 of 2021s1 mt1,I don&#39;t think I have a note about mutual-reference and natural mutual recursion.Should we study it? Am I missing something?By the way, the solution did not have MR and NMR. In the ARROW constants below you must replace every &#34;???&#34; string with one of the following strings to indicate what kind of arrow the label marks:    &#34;R&#34;    for reference    &#34;SR&#34;   for self-reference    &#34;MR&#34;   for mutual-reference    &#34;NH&#34;   for natural helper    &#34;NR&#34;   for natural recursion    &#34;NMR&#34;  for natural mutual recursion|#
Why do we not check if a list is  before calling the function recursively? I understand that there are a number of cases where this is not necessary , but there are cases where it would be helpful, such as problem bank Self-Ref P5 , in which there is the constraint that the numbers must be larger than zero. If we ensured that the rest of the list contains elements  before calling the function recursively , the constraint would not be necessary. Is there a reason that this is not done in this solution, or is it just that we have not yet had any problems where such a solution is completely necessary?Here is the function from the solution file of the mentioned problem bank question:   0]        [                                    ]
why did we put ? Just curiosity.I always put   or something.Is there no problem whether I put the list in htdw tag? like ?;;  Yoshi Eggs;; Constants:
why do we put &#39;ref&#39; here? 2021 s1 mt1 p2 can you explain why we should put &#39;ref&#39; here?;; Order is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. an order for a shipping company;;  means the order has been cancelled
Dr. Racket Crashes with new MacOS Sonoma update Is anyone facing issues such as bugs or crashes with racket after the new MacOS update?
mt1-2023s-p5 These are the data definitions: ;; Flight is ;; interp. A flight, with gin coun,;;         tination coun,;;         acity or max number of passengers,;;         and d or number of passengers on the flight.                       ;; ListOfFlight is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of flights   ]        [                       ]This is the solution to the main function: ;; produce number of flights w/ origin =/= desination and load/capacity &lt; 0.8 0 1 2; 0 ; stub    ]         [                         ]   0]        [                                   ]why is there &#34;min&#34; in the last line of 
Order of dd template rules                     self-ref        ; is Bar                    compound        ;                    self-ref       ; is BarThis is the order provided by the answer key. I put my self-ref&#39;s together at the end. Would this be considered wrong?
Do we have to use  at the end of cond?     ]        [  ]        [ ]in this code for example, do we have to end the cond expression with ? or is it possible not to simplify it and write it like the example above? 
2019 W2 M1 question Problem 1 from 2019 w2 m1. 4    LEN  4]        [ ]        [ 0]  4]        [ ]        [ 0]  4]        [ ]        [ 0] 4]        [ ]        [ 0][ 0]0is it correct to substitute LEN with its actual value only when needed?
2022 W1 M1 Q2 In this question, shouldn&#39;t the parameter for main and big bang be v instead of s? When I change dit autogravder marked it wrong.;; Vega is ;; interp. the side-length of the vega star;;         the size velocity in pixels/tick;;         the rotation angle in degrees;; CONSTRAINT: the side-length is in [MIN-SIZE, MAX-SIZE] ;3 fields                ;; =================;; Functions:;; start the world with ;; no tests for htdw-main template;; no @template for htdw-main template                 ;Vega -&gt; Vega                 ;Vega -&gt; Image      ;Vega KeyEvent -&gt; Vega;; add SPIN-SPEED to r, dl to l; if l hits MAX/MIN-SIZE change direction of dl               1                -1 8               1 -1  -2 20                2 2                3                -1  3 20               3  2 33                            ; v                        MAX-SIZE                              SPIN-SPEED]        [  MIN-SIZE                              SPIN-SPEED]        [                                                   SPIN-SPEED]
2023 smt1 p1 It says that:BOX-B should be &#34;constant&#34; and only used once: &#34;operand&#34; is incorrect. However, I don&#39;t believe that I see constant as an example to be used for this question..
2023S MT1 Q5 Data Definition Where is the reference rule used in the Flight data definition?;; Flight is ;; interp. A flight, with gin coun,;;         tination coun,;;         acity or max number of passengers,;;         and d or number of passengers on the flight.                       
Confused about this code Hi! I&#39;m ing to do problem 3 on mt2 2023 and I am very confused about the solution code for :               n                                                                             ]                  [                                              ]                       ]                  [ ]]    Why are  and  the answer to the questions in the cond? Isn&#39;t this repeating the question since we have already checked whether or not the string is equal to &#34;RED&#34; or &#34;BLUE&#34;? I&#39;m having trouble understanding this part :
Practice Midterm Q4 resolved.
Why is this considered an operand and not an argument? This is from 2023 m2 practice exam. Why is this not considered an argument? Isn&#39;t an operand an expression that needs to be evaluated? Here, the string does not need to be evaluated and can be directly passed into the function right?
Why is this not an if statement? This is from m2 2023 practice exam. Why is this not called an if statement? 
2020W2 MT1 Q2 question Hi, I just solved this question but I want to make sure. I think I forgot somethingI don&#39;t know why I e a mark when I put    instead of this is the solution file.;; Foo is one of:;;  - Number;;  - &#34;x&#34;;;  - &#34;y&#34;;;  - &#34;z&#34;;;  - Boolean;; interp. ...;;         If a Number is in [1, 100];Boolean   ]        [  ]        [  ]        [                        ]        [ ]#;   ]        [  ]        [  ]        [  ]        [ ]when there is an interval constraint in itemization, we don&#39;t put interval checking in the cond.Could you explain the reason why?Also, sometimes I see the starters that don&#39;t check the constraint as a boundary case of check-expect.Why don&#39;t we check constraint as a check-expect? Thank you
What does &#34;Except when using the large enumeration rule...&#34; mean? I am reading the design recipes page about large enumerations and it says this: I am a little confused about what &#34;Except when using the large enumeration rule all cond question/answer pairs must be preserved.&#34; means. Does this mean that when doing large enumerations, the cond question/answer pairs can be changed/removed/edited at all? 
2023 s mt1 p2 The following is the solution to MT1 p2 2023 summer. I wanted to ask why are there 2 parameters in stub and not 3? ;do not edit or delete this line ;do not edit or delete this line;; produce first character of first, &#34;_&#34;, last and hostname appended together;; CONSTRAINT: first, last, and hostname are not  strings &#34;s_roy@waystar.com&#34; &#34;g_hirsch@mail.com&#34;; &#34;&#34; ;stub                      &#34;_&#34;                 last                 hostname
Checking element that is not the last in a list requirement On the design recipes page — in relation to testing for self-referential functions — it states that:If the function has conditional behaviour be sure that all branches of the behaviour are tested at an element that is not the last in the list.I was wondering why this is the case, and why it does not specify that we should test behaviour at an element that is not the first in the list. Is this perhaps a misconception on my part of what the last element in a list is?
Why should we use place-image/align here? Hello, I&#39;m working on &#39;growing grass&#39; of the problem bankmy function is to work well.But in the solution file, I don&#39;t get why I should use &#39;place-image/align ... &#34;center&#34; &#34;bottom&#34; ...&#39; here.I thought  and GRASS-Y this is what the solution file is saying. Is there any specific reason that we should use &#39;align&#39;?;; place the grass at grass-x, GRASS-Y with height grass-h                                               1 GRASS-Y                                 &#34;center&#34; &#34;bottom&#34;                                 MTS; MTS   ;stub                                             &#34;solid&#34;                                GRASS-COLOR                      GRASS-Y                     &#34;center&#34; &#34;bottom&#34;                     MTS
Helper functions I am a little confused on when to use a helper and when to not. I understand that if we have a self ref and ref, ref becomes the natural helper. I also understand that if we need to use more than one selectors, we need a helper.Are there any other scenarios when we use helper functions? Do we only use helpers in world programs? What about when we just have a self-ref or ref in a program?Thank you!
error in Dr racket I am getting this error in Dr Racket. I tried force quitting but it is not workin. What should i do about it?
Question Regarding 2022 WT1 MT1 Q2 The problem involves fixing an HTDW code. I made no revisions to the change-velocity on-key function but I received the following message: Template intact : incorrectI revised the template as follows:             ]         [          ]         [          ]I also have a feeling that the following would be eptable, but I didn&#39;t apply this because that would mean I would have to completely change the function definition :             ]         [          ]         [          ]         [          ]Edit: I have a feeling I should remove all the &#39;ke&#39; in the cond answers.
Question Regarding Use of Helper Functions When Counting Number of Items in a List Let&#39;s say we had the following data definitions and wanted to determine the number of flights in ListOfFlight:;; Flight is ;; interp. A flight, with gin coun,;;         tination coun,;;         acity or max number of passengers,;;         and d or number of passengers on the flight.                       ;; ListOfFlight is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of flights   ]        [                       ]My code looks like this:   0]        [         ]No helper function is needed in front of first lof because we already know that if  is of data type Flight , then you add 1. Will I be penalized for deleting the helper function and if so, how can I revise my function ordingly?
Question Regarding 2021 WT2 MT1 Q4 I&#39;m really confused as to how to solve this natural recursion problem. My original attempt was to create a helper function to combine  and the natural recursion to determine the sum of the areas of images whose areas are &gt; number n.;;;; CONSTANTS:   PLEASE USE THESE CONSTANTS IN YOUR CHECK-EXPECTS;;;;;; DATA DEFINITIONS:;;;; ListOfImage is one of:;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of images                    self-ref          ; is ListOfImage   ]        [                            ; Image              ]   ; ListOfImage;;;; Please design a function that consumes a list of images as its first argument;; and a number as its second argument.  The function should produce the sum of;; the areas of just those images with area greater than the number.;;;; For example:;;    500;;;;  would produce 600.;;;; To help you we are providing an additional function, which you can use as if;; it was a primitive:;;;;   Image -&gt; Natural;;   image-area   ;;   produces the product of the image width * image height;;;; The definition for this function is at the end of the file.  We did not do;; a full htdf because this an exam.;;;; Consumes list of image and n &amp; produces sum of areas of images whose area &gt; n; The examples;;;;;;; Area of I20x30: 600; Area of I15x10: 150; Area of I40x10: 400 0 ; ok                                      149                                                    150              600                                      200              600                                      600              0                                      700              0                                                    ; The stub;  0; The template    ]         [                                       n]; Code the body   0]        [                           n]; Code the helper;; Produces sum of area of Image &#43; N2 if area of Image &gt; n,  N2; The examples  200 200; The stub;  0; Template   ; Code the body    n        N2       N2;;********************************;; Supplied primitive below here.;;   I also tried avoiding the use of a helper function:   0]        [          n               n              n]But neither seem to work. The autograder specifically expects this:   0]        [          n                                0             n]I&#39;m having extreme difficulties figuring out what the autograder wants for these recursive / reference functions. I can get the code to run without modifying the template / following the recipe, but the autograder seems to want the code to be structured in a specific way in order to be graded correctly.
Problem bank area solution is weird ;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Design a data definition to represent a list of images. Call it ListOfImage. ;; ListOfImage is one of: ;;  - ;;  - ;; interp. a list of images                                         self-ref       ; is ListOfImage#;    ]        [                       ];; =================;; Functions:;; Design a function that consumes a list of images and produces a number ;; that is the sum of the areas of each image. For area, just use the image&#39;s ;; width times its height. ;; produce total area of all images 0                                                                                    17; 0  ;stub     ]         [                         ]    0]        [                                    ]Above code is solution file.Question asks me to design ListOfImage and function to sum all of area on the ListOfImageWeird thing in here is that on the data definition, they make example of circle, however, they did not specify how to compute area depending on circle, rectangle, triangle on the function.Shouldn&#39;t we have if statement like if circle,  2 * pi and  2 for triangle?Why do they only use multiplying width and height even though the question does not specify that the image is only rectangle and square?
drracket issue Hello, guys.I have an issue with drracket that run out of memory. Do anyone have idea for how to fix this issue?
Is not having a black highlight a good indication of our program? I understand that whenever we run the code and something is highlighted in black, it means it has not been tested. Would this be a good indication of how thorough our check-expect tests are? Should we aim to essentially test everything and have nothing highlighted in black?
Grader says it should be a term that isn&#39;t in the terms listed  I&#39;m a little confused about mt-p1 for 2023s-mt1 as the grader says that B should be &#34;constant,&#34; however that term is not listed in the terms we&#39;re allowed to use.    0%  of  16.7%  x    BOX-B should be &#34;constant&#34; and only used once: &#34;atomic distinct&#34; is incorrect. The terms you may use are:  &#34;answer expression&#34;  &#34;argument&#34;  &#34;atomic distinct&#34;  &#34;data example&#34;  &#34;dd template rule&#34;  &#34;expression&#34;  &#34;function body&#34;  &#34;function call expression&#34;  &#34;function definition&#34;  &#34;function example&#34;  &#34;function name&#34;  &#34;if statement&#34;  &#34;metadata annotation&#34;  &#34;operand&#34;  &#34;parameter&#34;  &#34;question expression&#34;  &#34;structure definition&#34;  &#34;template&#34;  &#34;type comment&#34;  &#34;type name&#34;
Question from the practice exam               SPEED              if there is a natural helper function , shouldn&#39;t we be making a helper function to not break the reference rule? why is this code ping the process? Is it because the UNICOLOR is an atomic-distinct?
What case does not use &#39;&#39;? Hello, I read design recipe and demolish code.Can I get any specific case that does not use &#34;&#34; in the cond simply?;; The city wants to demolish all buildings classified as &#34;old&#34;. ;; You are hired to design a function called demolish? ;; that determines whether a building should be torn down or not.;; produces  if building is &#34;old&#34; and should be demolished   ;      ]         [ ]         [ ]   ]        [ ]        [ ]
Argument vs Operand vs Parameter I was wondering if someone could give me a more detailed explanation of the differences between operands, arguments and parameters. I&#39;ve checked the explanation in the gsary but i can&#39;t seem to confidently distinguish between them and recall when they overlap.
Dr Racket file went blank I was working on PSET 4. I ran my functions and doctor racket went blank. Here is what it is saying:
Lab Solutions for Studying Hi, Is it possible if the the lab solutions from previous labs could be released? This would be a helpful tool for studying.
question from midterm 2021 w1 q3 Just curious why we have to write   instead of , and why &#34;B&#34; is [], not [  ]?
Question Regarding Ambiguity of Solution  I&#39;m having challenges getting the Autograder to approve my answer to this problem. The question asks you to write a function that produces the number of flights in a list of flights whose origin is not equal to destination AND load/capacity ratio is less than 0.8I&#39;ve chosen to solve this using a helper function helper function that takes  and the natural recursion  as input and adds 1 to the natural recursion if the flight  satisfies the requirements of the problem statement:;; Produces the number of flights where origin != ;; destination and &lt;0.8; Examples 0                1               0;; &lt;there are other check-expects but I won&#39;t show;; them because there are many of them&gt;; The stub;  2; Template    ]         [                         ]; Code the body   0]        [                                      ];; -------------------------------------------------;; Helper function count-unprofitable;; If flight is unprofitable, adds 1 to the second ;; natural, num2; The examples               2                            2                               2                            2              ; The stub;  2; Template                           ; Code the body                                                        0.8            num2This solution produces the correct unprofitable-flights function as per the Autograder. But it seems the autograder was expecting a Boolean function for the helper function. I guess my method of solving the problem differs from the Autograder. However, I did follow the recipe and provide a helper function as required. Is this something I should be concerned about?
Growing Grass Data Definition In the Growing Grass practice problem, would it be wrong to say that Grass is  instead of ? I put in Natural Natural, but the solution says Number Number. I put in Natural Natural because I think that the grass can’t be grown left of the scene , and the grass height can never be negative either. Thanks. 
M4 Lecture raining egg starter Did anyone confront the same issue as mine? As I run my raining-eggs starter before hand-in, the racket just said that my &lt;render-eggs&gt; in the main function is not working. The same issue happened also for my &lt;place-egg&gt; and &lt;next-egg&gt; functions However, I have checked all of them and am pretty sure that I have included all the details in each of the HtDF steps, including the @htdf sign and signature, etc. I do not know what to do with them.
Do we need to test base case, test 2 g etc. for KeyEvent or MouseEvent? I noticed in the check-expect tests for the KeyEvent and MouseEvent for the ListOfEgg code does not follow the rules of testing base case first, then testing 2 g etc.: ;; add an egg at x, y with rotation 0 when the mouse is clicked                ; loe ;stub    ]         [          ]    loe]        [ loe] ;; on space reset to zero eggs &#34; &#34;   &#34;a&#34; ; loe ;stub      ]         [             ]   ]        [ loe]Do we still need to follow the rules or can we just test 2 check-expects like the solution above? 
Enumeration or Itemization I am confused about the times when to use enumeration vs itemization. Why does this data definition and function use enumeration instead of itemization? Wouldn&#39;t it make more sense if we made &#34;No dinner&#34; as ?;; DinnerOrder is one of:;;  - &#34;No dinner&#34;;;  - &#34;Chicken&#34;;;  - &#34;Pasta&#34;;; interp. &#34;No dinner&#34; means the passenger does not want dinner, ;;         the other values are dinner options;; &lt;examples are redundant for enumerations&gt; ;&#34;Pasta&#34;   ]        [ ]        [ ]
Question about Metadata tags in the edX module 4b Hello, I was going through the modules on edX. There were no metadata tags  for data definitions and function definitions in the code. While working with LOS and LON, do we use those tags or ignore them for our data definitions and function definitions? Thank you.
No lab today? A few of us are waiting by X250 for the CPSC 110 lab but there are no TAs here. We all have a lab on Monday and came for the makeup lab.
Confused about lay-egg function In the check-expects, why did we put  as the loe? This doesn&#39;t make sense to me. If the loe is , how are we making an egg by clicking down on our mouse?;; add an egg at x, y with rotation 0 when the mouse is clicked                ; loe ;stub    ]         [          ]    loe]        [ loe]
Confused about the refactoring of render-eggs Hello! I am quite confused about the refactoring of the render-eggs function from yesterday: I understand very clearly the code above when we ignored the reference rule because it has place-image and does exactly what the check-expects did. However, when we refactor it, we don&#39;t have a place-image anymore? Did place-egg essentially replace place-image? Does it do the same thing as place-image? And it now only has , how would the program know what to do with this ? How would the program know to rotate egg-r  etc.? None of this is specified anymore in the refactored version, so I am just confused how the program would know what to do.
What can we edit in the template? I think I am getting mixed up between what we can and can&#39;t edit in a template. For instance, in the ListOfNumber code in Tuesday&#39;s lecture, this was the template:   ]        [                       ]But then in the count function, we completely deleted  from the template:;; produce the number of elements in a list of numbers 0    ; 0   ]          [                       ]   0]        [          ]Why is this allowed? I thought that we can&#39;t change anything in the template except for the . Are we allowed to change/edit the selectors in the template?
Confused on advance-countdown use In one of the EDX probles it suggests to use advance-countdown to so that the numbers counting down in my HTDW has a delay in between the countdown but I&#39;m not sure where and how to use it. Is the advance countdown supposed to be put into my main function or is this when I call it? I been playing around and I can&#39;t seem to understnad.;; To make your countdown progress at a reasonable speed, you can use the ;; rate option to on-tick. If you say, for example, ;;  then big-bang will wait 1 second between ;; calls to advance-countdown.
Does rotate need modulo? I noticed in many of the practice questions from problem bank that when we use rotate, we also need to include  to make sure the rotational angle is in the interval [0,360]. But I think in the lecture today it was mentioned that the new rotate function does not need this anymore? Is that ?
Raining Egg Starter Question Why does the place-egg function consume an image as well? Here is the function;; place e on img at appropriate location and rotation MTS               10 20 MTS -image                110 120 -imageIn the problem set 3 solution, the render ball function did not consume image. ;; place BALL on image at appropriate x, y coordinate  4 -3                MTS              
Midterm 1 2020WT1 MT1 Problem 7 ;; Data definition:;; A shopping list, with the name and number to buy ;; of each item;; Number of data definitions required: 2;;;; Replace the ??? in the definition&#39;s value with ;; the FIRST data definition;; form in the list below that is correct;;;; &#34;self-referential&#34;;; &#34;compound&#34;;; &#34;enumeration&#34;;; &#34;itemization&#34;;; &#34;simple atomic&#34;;; If you chose 2 data definition replace the ??? ;; in the definition&#39;s value with the FIRST data ;; definition form in the list below that is;; correct.;; &#34;self-referential&#34;;; &#34;compound&#34;;; &#34;enumeration&#34;;; &#34;itemization&#34;;; &#34;simple atomic&#34;;; Explain in one comment line  why you made your choice.I don&#39;t get why the solution chose &#34;self-referential&#34; as the first data definition and &#34;compound&#34; for the second. I tried creating the template for this data definition:;; Item is ;; interp.  is item if:;;    name is String representing name of item;;    number is Natural representing number of item; Examples; Template          ; String          ; Natural;; ListOfItem is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of items; Examples                 ; Template                    ref    ;  is Item                    self-ref ;  is ListOfItem     ]          [                ; Item                   ]; ListOfItemWouldn&#39;t the first data definition for Item be considered compound and the second data definition for ListOfItem be itemization?
Egg starter render confusion I&#39;m a bit confused about the render-eggs function, which uses a ListOfEgg to produce images of multiple eggs on MTS. The structure of render-eggs is:    MTS]        [                             ]The structure of the helper function place-egg is    YOSHI-EGG                                             imageHow is the render-eggs function able to use the helper function place-egg if the helper requires 2 parameters? I understand that MTS is used as an argument when the function reaches the end of the list and the base case is met , but how does render-eggs provide 2 parameters to place-eggs before reaching the end of the list?
Rules for Natural Helper check expects? Hi there - I have 2 check-expects for my &#39;place-egg&#39; natural helper function and have 0.8% out of 1.6% on test thoroughness which makes it seem like I&#39;m missing at least 2 check-expects.What am I missing?
raining eggs solution link is broken I&#39;m not able to open the link
Lecture Recording sept 28 Where can the lecture recording for today&#39;s lecture be found? I do not see it in the zoom tab on canvas or on the OneDrive. Also, when will the solutions to the lecture starters be posted?
Zoom Office hour Sep.28 @ 19:00 Hello everyone,I&#39;m ing to attend a Zoom office hour scheduled at 19:00 via this zoom link:https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09However, no one seems to be there. Am I missing something?
Why didn&#39;t they use the keyevent template here? This is from the growing grass practice question:;; replant new grass at  &#34; &#34; ; G1    ;stub                   ke   GRASS-SPACING 0Why didn&#39;t we template for KeyEvent? Don&#39;t we usually template for KeyEvent? 
Confused about place-image/align I am very confused about the x and y arguments in place-image/align and am ing to understand it in help desk. What do they mean and what do they do for place-image? 
6 pm lab, all doors locked at 5 pm Hello,I have 6 pm lab, but the doors at ICICS are all locked after 5 pm. My student card doesn&#39;t work, is there a way to go into the building other than standing around and wait for someone inside to open the door?
Lecture 7 Autograder not working I completed today&#39;s lecture raining-eggs file and everything is working as intended, but the auto grader gives me a 0. During the lecture, we didn&#39;t define a function called place-egg
2  in autograder? So I handed in m04-raining-eggs-v1-starter.rkt and I noticed that there are two  grader. Is this intentional?
Why is the constraint on x [0, WIDTH]? Why is the constraint on x [0, WIDTH] instead of [RADIUS, WIDTH-RADIUS]? The center of the image cannot actually touch the left and right borders so why is it possible for x to be 0 or WIDTH?;; LambdaState is 
Rolling lambda practice question, why is 360 angle not included in the interval? For the rolling lambda question, why is the angular rotation not including 360 degrees? Why can&#39;t it be 360 degrees? ;; LambdaState is And later on in the tock function in the  expression, why are we using  instead of ? Why do we want the remainder when dividing by 359 instead of 360??    X-SPEED  ;right edge          1]   ;why ?        [  X-SPEED RADIUS  ;left edge         ]        [                             X-SPEED                    ANGULAR-SPEED 359] 
2019WI-MT1 @problem 4;;;; Please write the template rules used tag and template for the following type;; comment.  ;;;; NO simplification is required, but the template must work correctly for all;; data described by this;; Foo is one of:;;  - Number;;  - &#34;x&#34;;;  - &#34;y&#34;;;  -    ]        [  ]        [  ] ;ok w/o equality test        [                       ]I thought ref was used here as apple was one of foo. However the solution says only compound was used . May anyone please explain to me why thats the case? thanks.
About the lecture starter v3 Why does the htdf next-egg come after the htdf next-eggs while we define the data of egg first before the data of listofegg&#xff1f;
question for TA marking problem set When I was graded by TA last time for my pset2, TA checked my format by pressing &#34;ctrl &#43;i&#34; and took one point off for the wrong Indentation in my pset2. This time I open my pset3  the &#34;ctrl&#43;i&#34; before I taping anying. It shows that the initial doument went wrong. It is a little bit unfair to take our mark off for the mistake of the initial doument. Moreover, I do not think every TA focous on this problem.
PSET solutions Not sure if I missed this in the syllabus or not, but I was wondering if problem set solutions would be posted anywhere after the due dates?
Lab Long/Short Grading If we had to miss a lab, would our g/short pset grading for that specific pset be done at the next lab? or would our mark for that pset just simply be our autograder score? 
EdX Page Not Working Is anyone  having problems loading the EdX page? It was fine an hour ago but now it just displays &#34;There is error in loading this course&#34;.
For handle-mouse, what do the x and y mean?     ]         [          ]I am reading about the handle-mouse template in the recipe and I am confused about what the x and y arguments mean? Are they the x and y position of the mouse?
Can the position be Number Number? This is from the position tracker practice question:;; Position is ;; interp. position of mouse in pixels;;Can the position  also be ? Does it have to be Integer? Do we always  to &#39;restrict&#39; the data types as much as possible? For instance if something could be a Number but we can restrict it to only Integer or Natural, should we do that?
 With Lists In a list of a primitive type, why is atomic-non-distinct not in the ?Take the following data definition for ListOfString.Is the String in  not an atomic non distinct type and thus atomic-non-distinct should be placed in the  between compound and self-ref?;; ListOfString is one of:;; - ;; - ;; interp. a list of strings   ]        [                       ]
Can someone explain these constants for the rolling lambda question? Hi! I&#39;m having a hard time understanding these constants for the rolling lambda question:;; This is how far a circle moves in the x direction for each;; degree of angle it turns.;; Change per clock tick in degrees and x position.Were the WIDTH and HEIGHT just randomly assigned these values? Can I choose anything reasonable to be the WIDTH and HEIGHT? Or do they have to be exactly these values?Also is YPOS the y position of the lambda? If so, why is it equal to 2 * RADIUS? From the images provided it does not look like the lambda is positioned at 2*RADIUS. If it were, wouldn&#39;t the lambda touch the very bottom of the frame? Here the lambda is &#39;floating&#39; above the bottom. How is it 2*RADIUS? 
Why can&#39;t we use pi here? What does it mean we have to end up using check-within in the tests? This is from the rolling lambda practice question. I&#39;m confused about what this comment is saying. Why can&#39;t we use pi and what does it mean we will end up having to use check-within?  ;we use ALMOST-PI instead of pi because if we ;                           ;use pi then we end up having to use check-within;                           ;in all the tests
Midterm 1 Office Hours Zoom sessions can also be joined via the Zoom tab in Canvas. All times listed are in Pacific Daylight Time . Midterm office hours are scheduled to take place in addition to regularly scheduled office hours. However, please note that all regularly scheduled TA office hours are cancelled on the day of the midterm exams and the day after the midterm exams . TADayTimeLocation/LinkDennis &amp; GraceThursday, September 2810:00-11:00DLC  Table 4Monica &amp; MariusThursday, September 2813:00-14:00DLC  Table 4Alex &amp; WyattThursday, September 2819:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Marie Samantha &amp; JiayinFriday, September 2911:30-12:30DLC  Table 4Joy &amp; TanyaFriday, September 2914:30-15:30DLC  Table 4Muhammad &amp; WendyFriday, September 2917:30-18:30DLC  Table 4Linda &amp; SamiSunday, October 110:00-12:00DLC  Table 4Shashwat &amp; YuhengSunday, October 112:00-14:00DLC  Table 4Abigail &amp; MinhSunday, October 114:00-16:00DLC  Table 4Tighe &amp; TinaSunday, October 116:00-18:00DLC  Table 4Sarah &amp; ShashwatTuesday, October 310:00-11:00DLC  Table 4Abby &amp; JasonTuesday, October 313:00-14:00DLC  Table 4Anrui &amp; TerryTuesday, October 316:00-17:00DLC  Table 4Paul &amp; SallyTuesday, October 319:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Christie &amp; SeanWednesday, October 411:30-12:30DLC  Table 4Boris &amp; MartinWednesday, October 414:30-15:30DLC  Table 4Josh &amp; LinhWednesday, October 417:30-18:30DLC  Table 4
Do we still use #; to comment out the template in the data definition? I noticed that we use #; to comment template out in the edX videos and in the solutions to practice questions. Do we still do this to comment it out?
template for 2 different input Hi, I am wondering what would be the template-origin functions with  2 or more inputs again? for example  where x is an enumeration and y is a compound. 
Why did we subtract ANGULAR-SPEED from 12 instead of adding it? This is the water balloon practice question. Why did we subtract ANGULAR-SPEED from 12 and not add it?
How to define Data Definition for Lab 03 Challenge 1 ;; Balloon is one of;; - Natural;; - ;; interp. Natural is radius of balloon in pixels,  = balloon popped;; CONSTRAINT: Natural is in [0, MAX-SIZE] ;balloon has a radius of 20 ;about to pop ;popped ][ ] code beforeChallenge Problem 1: Colour-Changing BalloonTry making the balloon change colour as it grows. Think about how you would have to change your program in order to get this to work. Would you have to change your data definition? Which functions would you have to make this change in?I am thinking of making balloon as a:one-of: - compound - but I don&#39;t know how to properly integrate the HTDD recipe into this.
Lecture 6 Starter Lon Problem 3 I don&#39;t quite understand how problem number 3 works when we add &#43;1 to What is happening here?
Instructor Office Hour Recordings Will the Instructor Office Hour Recordings be made available to us? 
Is my understanding of recursion correct? I&#39;m having some trouble understanding the concept of natural recursion. Can someone check if my thinking is correct? For instance:For this double function, it first checks if the list is  and if it is , it proceeds to . The  doubles the first number in the list and then calls on the double function again for the rest of the list. Then I think it goes through this whole process again, is this correct??? So it will check if the rest of the list is , and when it produces  it proceeds to the . The  will double the first number from the rest of the list and then repeat this whole cycle? 
What does &#34;test 2 g&#34; mean? What does test 2 g mean here?
Can&#39;t open Racket on my laptop : I&#39;m not sure why but I am unable to open Racket now on my laptop. It worked fine yesterday, but now this error message pops up. Does anyone know how to fix this?Error loading tool #&lt;:/Users/michaelwei/Library/Racket/8.10/collects/spd-handin&gt;fasl-read: incompatible fasl-object machine-type &#39;ta6osx found in #&lt;binary input port bytevector&gt;  context...:   body of data   /Applications/Racket v8.10/collects/setup/getinfo.rkt:33:0: get-info/full   /Applications/Racket v8.10/collects/racket/contract/private/arrow-val-first.rkt:555:3   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/tools.rkt:106:0: installed-tools-for-directory/keys   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/tools.rkt:96:0: installed-tools-for-directory   .../private/map.rkt:40:19: loop   [repeats 15 more times]   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/tools.rkt:84:0: all-installed-tools   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/tools.rkt:80:0: rescan-installed-tools!   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/tools.rkt:72:0: load/invoke-all-tools   .../unit/lang.rkt:84:9   /Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/link.rkt:57:0   body of &#34;/Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/tool-lib.rkt&#34;   body of &#34;/Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/private/drracket-normal.rkt&#34;   body of &#34;/Applications/Racket v8.10/share/pkgs/drracket/drracket/drracket.rkt&#34;
EDX Module 4 - Boolean-List_Starter Hi, I just wanted to clarify if my code for the boolean-list starter problem on EDX&#39;s Module 4 was correct, as it is different from the solution, however, passes all of my tests. This is mine:    ]        [                                   ]And this was the solution:   ]        [                       ]I also used my code to test all of the check-expects from the solution and they all passed. 
Question About EDX Boolean List Starter Hi! So, I generally understand self-reference and topics as such however there is a part of the boolean-list-starter, more specifically in the function, that I am curious about.    ]        [                       ]  It checks if any aspect of the list is  and produces , however there&#39;s not a single visible part of the function that says it looks for all s or all . Can anyone please explain how this would work? The program also needs to produce all  for it to also be  and  if there is even a single  in the list. Any answer that would help me understand is greatly appreciated! :
Discrepancy Between Lecture and Edx Module Hi there, I had a quick question about what the last element of a list would be due to a discrepancy between the Edx module and what was said in lecture today.  I&#39;ll provide an example below to work with: In the edx module 4 &#34;Self-Reference&#34;, it was written that  would be . In contrast, within lecture we were told that the last element of something like L1 would actually be &#34;Design&#34; NOT . I was hoping to get clarification on if there was any specific difference between asking for an &#34;element&#34; from a list or the &#34;first/rest&#34; of the list. My confusion also stems from the edx module saying that calling on  would result in &#34;Program&#34;, which is specifically the first ELEMENT of the following list. Why is &#34;rest&#34; not producing &#34;Program&#34; and &#34;Design&#34; as the remaining elements as mentioned in lecture? I would really appreciate any clarification! Thank you in advance. 
Found laptop Someone left their laptop behind in lab L1S. It will be at the CS office
questions in 23s-mt1 practice exam Hi, I&#39;m confused about in 23s-mt1 practice exam, solution of box-b in problem 1 givebut &#34;constant&#34; is not in the &#34;The terms you may use are:&#34; in the question 
Lecture Recording -Sep 26 Section 102- Hello everyone, there was a mistake in recording the lecture today. You can find the recorded lecture in the CPSC110 Onedrive folder with the lecture slides here: Post-Lecture Notes. 
Sharepoint Hi, Where do I find the link to the sharepoint with the lecture slides?
Lecture Marks Are lecture marks just from the zoom polls? Or do the Dr. racket starter files count toward the marks as well?
key-event template Just saw that the key-event template under Large Enumerations  is different from the one under HTDW . In which case would we use the version that omits the ws parameter?
Poll Questions in Different Lecture I joined today&#39;s lecture  late due to some technical difficulties, and missed the poll questions for today . Though I know that the two lowest graded-days are dropped to ount for situations like this, I wanted to ask if I attend the later lecture  and do the poll questions then, would they still count for my grade for today or does it have to be the lecture I signed up for where I can get poll question marks?
cons vs list Hi all, Through lectures and edX lessons, we are being taught to construct lists using However, this method of appending lists together to an  list seems counterintuitive. What stops us from constructing a list instead of appending?Looking into this, I found the function list:which is fundamentally identical to the function above, but I find it much simpler to read and work with. I am wondering if there is any important reason we are using cons instead of list to construct new lists...?
Starred email for canvas Do we have to make our UBC student email the starred email  on Canvas?Thank you!
Login Before Zoom Meeting? Just wondering if we need to login to our ount before we join the Zoom meeting or do we only need to join from the Canvas page?Because when I joined from Canvas today, it didn&#39;t ask me for my ount or anything that would indicate that it is tied back to the created Zoom ount.
Zoom Lecture Marks Is there a way for us to check what our lecture mark is? Because I don&#39;t know for sure if i&#39;ve set up my zoom ount right, so if I&#39;m able to see my mark, I would know if there&#39;s something to fix or not. Thanks.
when will our problem set grades and lab grades be available on canvas? when will our problem set grades and lab grades be available on canvas?
HtDW with Compound Data Recommended Problem --- Water Balloon Hello!I was reading through the solution for the water-balloon-starter in module 3b, and I&#39;m a little unsure about why we use Angular Speed? Shouldn&#39;t linear speed suffice? And I don&#39;t understand why and how it&#39;s used in the render-bs function here.Here&#39;s the file:water-balloon-solution.rkt
Zoom poll I always open 2 zooms to make sure the zoom poll will appear on at least one device, but when both appear should I answer on both devices or one is enough?
Did not receive zoom ount email I did not receive a zoom ount email, but I’ve gone ahead and submitted the form online. I have not heard back from anyone yet, should I be okay for tomorrows lecture in terms of the zoom polls not counting for me?
Lab 4 My usual lab section is on Mondays and as per the CPSC 110 calendar I am supposed to attend any of the following lab sections: Wednesday, September 27Thursday, September 28Friday, September 29Tuesday, October 3Where can I find the time for these labs? Please let me know! Thank you! 
"Aren&#39;t these different lists? I am confused by this question from the edX module on list. It asks if the following data definition is well-formed:```;; NonEmptyListOfNumber is one of:;; - ;; - ```But, using the syntax in the video, I would write it as this:```;; NonEmptyListOfNumber is one of:;; - ;; - ```My question is, in the first case, aren't """" and ""NonEmptyListOfNumber"" different lists? How does pushing an element to """" also push an element to ""NonEmptyListOfNumber""? I don't understand how a different list can be a base case."
Is this the correct way to understand the  screen? Is this the correct way to understand the  screen? So if ctr-y is 3, it will be placed on 3 shown in the image. But the height of the entire  screen is 5? Also, in this case, would height/2 be 2 or 3?
raduis For something with a height of 5 pixels, would its radius be 3 or 2.5 or 2? since pixels cannot be further devided, how would 2.5 be shown?
Attendance for Zoom lecture I&#39;ve been joining zoom meetings with a zoom ount that is associated with my ubc student email. However, I did not change the primary email on canvas to my student email, so does this mean I have not been receiving marks from the polls on zoom? Also I did not associate my zoom email with UBC, I just used the student email, is it automatically associated with the school or did I have to click onto the that was sent into our emails prior from this week.
Why is ctr-x width/2 not /2 Why is ctr-x width/2 not /2, but when it comes to limiting the item inside the edges, it&#39;s width-1-itemlength?
zoom recordings passcode Accessing the recordings from the canvas page used to automatically copy the required passcode to ess the recordings, but it doesn&#39;t seem to be working right now.Is there any other place I can get the passcode for past zoom recordings?
Problem Set Partners On the download page of problem set 3, it says that partners working together on a problem set must be in the same lecture section. However, I don&#39;t think the syllabus specified this. Is this a new rule that has been created?
Enumeration rule Hey there, I&#39;m just wondering why would we not use &#34;&#34; as the last conditional statement for enumeration. Since if all other cases are covered wouldn&#39;t the last scenario be definite, in this case, it seems that the condition &#34;&#34; would come in handy. Thanks!
Would I be able to install a pluging for DrRacket that lets me use Vi keybinds? I&#39;m used to coding in NeoVim and I&#39;m much more productive in that environment. Would I be able to install a plugin for DrRacket that lets me use Vi keybinds, and use it during problem sets and such? Or is that academic misconduct?
Problem bank HtDW NV1 cat problem I am working on the HtDW NV1 cat problem from the problem bank . For handle-mouse,  the solution has a lot more check-expects than I did. I was wondering why we need so many check expects? Wouldn&#39;t these be enough: 100 50 0 0Solution code:;; Below is a world program in which a cat walks across the screen;; from left to right. Pressing the space key resets the cat to the;; left edge of the screen.;;;; Revise this program so that when the mouse is clicked in the window ;; the cat moves to the mouse&#39;s current x position. You will need to;; consult the DrRacket help desk to learn about the four arguments to;; big-bang on-mouse handlers.;; A cat that walks from left to right across the screen.;; =================;; Constants:;; =================;; Data definitions:;; Cat is Number;; interp. x position of the cat in screen coordinates           ;left edge ;middle       ;right edge ;Number#;  ;; =================;; Functions:;; start the world with       ; Cat -&gt; Cat             ; Cat -&gt; Image         ; Cat KeyEvent -&gt; Cat     ; Cat Integer Integer MouseEvent -&gt; Cat;; produce the next cat, by advancing it SPEED pixel to right ; 0 ;stub      ;; render the cat image at appropriate place on MTS                  ; MTS ;stub      ;; reset cat to left edge when space key is pressed  0 10  0  0; 0 ;stub    ]         [           ]   0]        [ c];; move cat to mouse&#39;s x-coordinate 0 0 10 0 0 100 600 100; 0 ;stub    ]         [          ]   x]        [ c]
Traffic Light Animation Constants  Hello, I have question regarding setting constants for problems. In the traffic light question from the problem bank, the solution shows the constants for the lights already being in place with overlay and above. However, when I did this question, I made constants just for each light&#39;s state , and the changing information is the light&#39;s state throughout the program. My question is during an exam setting would this be okay or do I really need to aim to make things more clear and simple like the solution, and I&#39;ll e marks if I don&#39;t. 
Why are CONSTRAINTS commented out rather than being in the actual function? I was wondering, why are constraints commented out rather than being part of the actual function? Because when it is commented out, how will it &#34;help&#34; or actually do something for the actual function?
Problem Bank Spinning Make-Box Starter I was checking my code with the solution and I noticed there was a difference between them. In the code, you are supposed to make a square that spins. I decided that whenever the angle a became greater than 360, I would use the remainder function. I did this in the tock function like so:   360       LENGTH-INCREASE        ROTATIONAL-SPEED 360             LENGTH-INCREASE        ROTATIONAL-SPEEDHowever, the solution used the remainder function in the render function like so:   360                        &#34;solid&#34; SQUARE-COLOR               CTR-X               CTR-Y               MTSDoes it matter if I did it differently than the solution? Would I e marks if something like this happened in an exam?
Constants in check-expects I remember someone asking during one of our lectures if we were allowed to use constants in our check-expects, and we were advised not to. I am wondering if this is still the case, as we&#39;ve started using constants such as TOP and BOT in our check-expects.Here&#39;s an example of making a constant for a spider called S1, and then using it later in a check-expect:  Is this allowed? Please help me understand when it is okay / not okay to use constants in our check-expects. Thank you!
Grades about lectures/m01-primitives I found that the autograder gave me 100 after I handed in my answers to lectures/m01-primitives, However, when I opened the grading-reports today, I found that I only got 88, so I am ing to figure out why it happened. I compared my answers and the answers on the official website carefully, but I can’t find out where the problem is. Would you mind having a check on my submitted answers? Thank you.
Is this always required for compound data? This is from the movie compound practice question:                    #;                                                    Why was the second template for m1 and m2 needed? Do we need both templates in order to create the function?
CPSC 110 why does the stub for the render function have to output MTS? cant I just put an  image instead?
Why wasn&#39;t a CONSTRAINT needed here? This is from the HTDW countdown practice problem. I am confused about why a CONSTRAINT is not included here? Since countdown is a number type, the recipe checklist says to include number type and constraint. Why wasn&#39;t that included here?
Error : grass-h: expects a grass, given image  I was working on the Growing Grass problem from the bank, and all my tests are passing. But when I  to press any key in order to make another grass pop up to the right of the pre-existing one, I am encountering this error. I apologize in advance if I have ended up making a silly mistake, but I&#39;ve been staring at the code and ing to make changes for quite a while now but I am seeing no difference. I will be very grateful if anyone could point out where I&#39;m going wrong, thanks!;; =================;; Constants:;;=================;; Data definitions:;; Grass is ;; interp. h is the height of the grass piece in pixels;;         x is the x coordinate of the grass in pixels ;2 fields         ;; =================;; Functions:;; start the world with              ;Grass -&gt; Grass             ;Grass -&gt; Image        ;Grass KeyEvent -&gt; Image;; produces the next grass   ; g ;stub            RATE-OF-GROWTH ;; renders the image of grass                                         10 HEIGHT MTS                                         10 HEIGHT MTS; -image ;stub            &#34;solid&#34; &#34;green&#34;                HEIGHT MTS;;creates a new grass shifted to the right when any key pressed &#34;d&#34;                                          HEIGHT MTS &#34;k&#34;                                          HEIGHT MTS &#34; &#34;                                          HEIGHT MTS; -image ;stub                  &#34;solid&#34; &#34;green&#34;                    RIGHT-SHIFT HEIGHT MTS      
Error expand-template: bad syntax I am ing to redo the problem from last lecture and I keep getting an error saying &#34;expand-template: bad syntax&#34;. I have attached my code below. Not sure what I am doing wrong.;; My Scary Spider;; =================;; Constants: ;;================= ;; Data definitions:;; Spider is ;; interp. y as CTR-Y of the spider ;;         dy as velocity of the spider ;; CONSTRAINT: to be visible, y must be in [TOP, BOT] ;top going down ;bottom going up -3 ;middle going up 3 ;middle going down ;2 fields            ;Number                 ;Number;; =================;; Functions:;; start the world with ;;           ;Spider -&gt; Spider           ;Spider -&gt; Image      ;Spider KeyEvent -&gt; Spider;; produce the next ...;; !!! s;; render ...;; !!! -image;; ... when spacebar is pressed;; !!! s
edx quesitions why is the answer 1? I think it should be 0 because it&#39;s multiplying the numbers in the list which is  
Lecture starter question In our last lecture, we put  for our template origin. If I were to use the on-key function in a program that doesn&#39;t use compound data, would I still put both KeyEvent and &lt;otherdatatype&gt; in my template origin?
What&#39;s wrong with my cow code? 2 tests failing I slightly modified the cow problem to make it so that the cow turns around when it&#39;s head touches the edge of the screen rather than when it phases through halfway. I did this by creating these two constants, and then using them instead of WIDTH and HEIGHT in my code and check-expects. 2But when I ran my check-expects, 2 of them failed, namely the ones designed for the middle cases.Here is the error message:Ran 6 tests.2 of the 6 tests failed.Check failures:        Actual value  differs from , the expected value.in cowabunga-starter.rkt, line 65, column 0        Actual value  differs from , the expected value.in cowabunga-starter.rkt, line 66, column 0Here is my check-expect and function code:I feel like the mistake is in my [...] clause but i cannot find it.    3  -3                  R-EDGE ]         [ L-EDGE ]         [ ]
Please elaborate I have been ing some practice for htdw and ran upon this error, can anyone explain what it means?
Movie edx problem- @htdd: movie is not a well formed type name I can&#39;t figure out how to fix this error. Any suggestions?The error is:@htdd: movie is not a well formed type nameMy data definition code is:;;movie is ;;interpret a movie with it&#39;s title,       ;;budget and year of release                ;;template rules used:;; compound: 3 fields
itemization data type order Hi,I&#39;ve encountered some inconsistency between what a TA has said and what is shown on the HtDD template. For an itemization, is there a specific order you need to follow? The template shows an atomic distinct value, then non-distinct. However, the TA said you had to start with your non-distinct values and then have distinct.Thanks,
Is this the email for UBC Zoom ounts? Should we set it up or wait for the piazza announcement? 
Lab 3 - Balloon Data Definition &lt;removed by instructor&gt;
I didn&#39;t get a grade on my lecture problem. I didn&#39;t get a grade on my lecture problem on cs110.students.ca.ubc.ca. Is it because I submitted it later than 10:00? Will this have any effect? 
LAB submission time I was wondering if we’re allowed to submit our lab starter after our designated lab time. I encountered some tech errors during the lab so i was just wondering if I could still submit the lab. 
TA Office hour of Tina ? Hi I was ing to find the location of office hour for Tina bay didn’t find it on the list. She said her office hour is Friday 10-11 in the icics building. Does anyone know where the location is? Thank you!
How to Deal With the Ambiguity of HtDW Problems I&#39;m having problems matching my interpretation of the problems in HtDW to the solutions provided.For instance in lecture yesterday, we were told that if   &gt;= BOT, then the spider can bounce off the bottom of the screen.  BOT       ]      [  TOP       ]      [                            ]However, what if we interpreted this as   &gt; BOT?In the lecture video HtDW With Compound Data Part 3, the cow doesn&#39;t bounce off the screen until   &gt; WIDTH.  WIDTH        ]...      [                          ]Likewise in the Cowabunga render-cow function, a helper function called choose-image was defined to choose the next image on the screen.Couldn&#39;t we have interpreted the render-cow function as displaying the RCOW if dx =  and LCOW if dx = ? Is there even a need for a helper function?
Why isn&#39;t the x-position of cow an integer? Hello! This is from 3b on edX, I am confused about why the x position is a Natural rather than an Integer like dx. Why can&#39;t it be an integer?
Images as values of enum. impact on HtDD for HtDW Hi, I want to check that you can indeed use Images as your values in an enumeration?If so, can you use the change in images as the data definition when creating a world, or should you instead have an enum of a string/something  that changes within what you see of the image, and then render from that?for example: the program shows a circle, then a rectangle, then the circle, etc. Can your data definition be those images or should it be an enum of &#34;circle&#34; and &#34;square&#34;, and then you create the images to render within the render function?Thanks,
EdX Practice problem When we are creating data definitions using compound data, how do we write the constraint? In this case, should I say if natural, in [1,12] or grade is in [1,12]?  Also, in the template, I wrote Natural [1,12] in the comment and one of my friend said, I didn&#39;t need to mention [1,12] again. Would marks be deducted for such mistakes in the exam?;;Student is ;;interp. a student&#39;s name, grade , and  if they have allergies;;CONSTRAINT: if natural, in [1,12];;OR;;CONSTRAINT: grade is in [1,12]   ;3 fields          ;String              ;Natural [1,12]        ;Boolean
For the lecture example, why did we only need to write s? This is for the reverse spider function. I am confused about the last line [ s]. Why did we only need to put s here instead of ? When do we need to put ?
Does the KeyEvent large enumeration check expect rule apply to all large enumerations? Does it apply to all large enumerations or only when KeyEvent is happening?
Signature why would the signature for this be; ; PROBLEM B:; ; You have a list of movies you want to watch, but you like to watch your; rentals in chronological order. Design a function that consumes two movies, and produces the title of the most recently released movie.; ; Note that the rule for templating a function that consumes two compound data ; parameters is for the template to include all the selectors for both ; parameters.; Should the signature not be a movie because the function produces a movie name? Or is it not a movie because a movie must consist of all its fields to be considered a movie.?
Where to find template code for adding key handler? Where can I find the template code for adding key handler as shown in 3a in edX? It is not in the recipe checklist. Thank you :
Error in grading report One of the lecture problems grading report shows a weird error. I get 50% even though I got 100% when I handed the file to the autograder.
Max x/y coordinate In lecture, for the max x/y coordinates , 1 is always subtracted from the width/height of MTS. I was wondering why this is the case. I tried to visualize it, but I can&#39;t wrap my head around it. 
lecture 5 starter Why do I get this? I have all htdf for main bigbang and for three wishlists
For today&#39;s lecture work , which starter file should we submit? I am a little confused about which starter file we should submit for today&#39;s lecture. I did almost all of the work in the base m03-compound-spider-starter.rkt file, but I do need to do the work in V1 and V2 and submit those as well?
Spider starter the wiggle part I am ing to make the spider wiggle and I tried the image to rate to certain degrees as it moves. Then I realized my spider was an image of a circle and rotating it would not make it wiggle as it moves. Should I change the image or would there be a better way to express the wiggling part? Thanks in advance
Zoom poll grading type Once Zoom polls are for grades, will they be marked for attendance or correctness?If they are being marked for attendance, then will not answering a single question also e you marks? Thanks
EDX 3a Question For the on-key and on-mouse function, would we be given the templates or do we need know how to create them on our own? 
Zoom Pool Graded? Will today’s lecture be graded?
Question on temapate for htdf I know we do not have to comment the templates out , but I keep seeing them commented out in the solutions. This makes me think if I misunderstood the rules and I actually have to comment them out. Should I..?
ctr-y Would ctr-y be height/2 -1 or no plus one.
Lecture 5 Prework - Question 5 On edX Edge module 3a: How to Design Worlds / Improving a World Program - Add key handler, it says that the page is for questions 3 to 5, but there are only 2 questions  on the page. This is a very minor issue, but it is mildly confusing.
Final exam schedule I&#39;ve read online that final exam dates for most courses will be released near the end of October. Is this ?What about the schedule for this course specifically?
Constraints with Compound Data Should constraints in compound data be added like example 1 or 2 or are both ok?example 1:;; Student is ;; interp. a student with a name, in grade 1-12, and  if they have allergiesexample 2:;; Student is ;; iterp. a student with a name, in grade 1-12 and if they have allergies;; CONSTRAINT: grade is in [1, 12]
I made an amazing program Untitled_video_-_Made_with_Clipchamp.mp4
Unable to submit lab 3 I’m ing to submit my lab 3 but after entering my password it tells me that I may not submit the assignment.  Is there a way to fix this??? Thank you 
M03 Spider starter question I was redoing to lecture started from yesterday and the template says:;; My world program  What does it mean by make it specific? Are we supposed to change WS to something ?Thanks!
Missing Lab Hi,I have a scholarship event to attend on Monday and it is the same time as my CPSC 110 lab, would I need to fill the academic concession form or is it possible for me to go to a different Lab section and do my lab there?Thanks!
Cowabunga Problem from Videos - Render Function The video says that we need a separate helper function to choose the correct cow image :;; render function renders the image                                CTR-Y               MTS;; choose-image chooses the image   0      COW-IMG-R      COW-IMG-LBut we could have also defined the render function in the purpose as follows:;; Displays the right cow image if speed is positive;;  produce the left cow image&lt;examples and stub&gt;&lt;template&gt;   0                         CTR-Y                   MTS                         CTR-Y                   MTSWill we be told whether we need a helper function or not?
Spider Lecture Hi, I wonder why we should define MID in the first image.And in the second image, Autograder said there are in one or more invalid tests and it is 100% after I deleted the test of . Is it because it doesn&#39;t match the code from TA or I should not include this test at all? Thank you. 
Cat problem: How come when I run , I don&#39;t get the pop-up with the cat? When I put  in the interaction tab and press &#34;run&#34; nothing happens.
Zoom polls In today&#39;s lesson, I wasn&#39;t able to answer the first question because of a problem with Zoom did not show the poll. However, I was able to answer the last three questions. Will today&#39;s poll affect the grade? Where should I go to report this?
How to do check-expects for irrational numbers? Hi I was wondering how to do a check-expect on a irrational number. For example if an expected result is ? I searched the helpdesk and found something called check-within, but it requires an extra parameter called delta that I&#39;m not too sure about. Thanks in advance for any answers!
Problem set questions Where can we find the solution to the problem set after the submission deadline, is there a standard answer?
Piazza search function Is there a way to search for words inside one particular thread  instead of the whole course piazza?  I tried ctrl+f but of course that yielded results outside of the thread.
Autograder Error For the spider lecture starter the autograder is giving me this error:Error evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:1:0: BOT: this variable is not defined  in: BOT However I have no variable in my code called BOT.The cest thing is the constant BOTTOM.I have ctrl &#43; F searched through the entire file for any occurrences of BOT, however there are none.
Where should the main function be called in our code? Just for clarification from today&#39;s lecture where should the function call for main be located?
World window disappears halfway through after running code As said in the title, with both the spider and cat files, after running my code , and putting  in the return box at the bottom, the World window will appear and start running, before just disappearing a few seconds later.Why is this?
Troubleshooting: big-bang not running Hi, I was ing to run the spider function and I get no errors but my big-bang function is ped entirely . I submitted my assignment in the AutoGrader and I did not get any marks deducted. Is there any way that I can troubleshoot this or should I attend an office hour to get this fixed?
Lec 03: m03-spider-starter error: tock not defined I am getting an error in today&#39;s lecture problem. Im not able to figure out the issue and the solution file is also unavailable. The highlighted error would be tock in line 86.
TOP versus BOT Hi! Could someone please explain how we calculated TOP and BOT from today&#39;s HTDW lecture? Why subtract one from the BOT but not add one to the TOP? I am confused about how both were calculated, even with the 0-indexing rule. If anyone could clarify, it would be really helpful!
LAB 2 HelloI already attended lab 2 on Friday. At that time I was not registered in any lab section. Now I am registered in lab section for Tuesday, i.e. today. So do I need to attend today&#39;s lab class or not, which will be doing lab 2 itself?
Lecture zoom poll questions I could not answer all the questions because the zoom poll question did not show up even though it was full screen. How can I fix this?
Lecture Problem Hi, I just notice that I have to click submit to hand in poll questions, so I miss so many questions, how can I deal with that? Thanks
Lecture zoom poll HiI couldn’t vote for the first two zoom poll questions since they just didn’t show up on my screen. Is it going to affect my mark? Is today’s lecture grade graded? 
Lab 3 Hi, is htdw also included in lab 3? 
"Problem Set 2 Handin Error I am getting the error:""login error: subprocess: process creation failed""""system error: too many open files; errno=24""I don't have any racket files open on my computer besides this one."
Integer, Natural, Number Confused about when to use either one of integer, natural, number?
Question about primitive data and non-primitive data Do all of the atomic non-distinct value  beg to primitive data?Do all of the atomic distinct value beg to non-primitive data?Do all of the &#34;one of&#34; parts  beg to non-primitive data?Thanks a lot and have a nice day!
mixed data Capture.PNGIs this a mixed data itemization. I thought itemizations had to have at least one non distinct value in them. Also why not set the last questions to .
Are Dates Atomic Data? If I recall correctly , atomic data is used to represent information that es its meaning when broken down. For example, if you broke down the string &#34;red&#34; into multiple characters &#34;r&#34; &#34;e&#34; and &#34;d&#34;, the meaning of the string  is t.Suppose that you had a date of birth, such as &#34;2000/03/14&#34;. When the string is broken down into individual characters  the meaning is t because the individual digits do not provide any information when separated. However, if the date is broken down into the year, month and day , the individual components still have a meaning.So, is a date  considered atomic or would this information fall under a different category?
will tomorrow&#39;s zoom polls be graded? will tomorrow&#39;s zoom polls be graded?
How many subclasses are needed for a data definition to be considered a large enumeration? I know that  should only be used for large enumerations, but I&#39;m not entirely sure at what point a data definition can be considered as a large enumeration. In the lecture, I remember a large enumeration being described as an enumeration with 10 or more subclasses, but I wanted to confirm this since I cannot find this information on the design recipes page.
Test Results Question What does it mean when:check-expect encountered the following error instead of the expected value, .    :: cond: all question results were 
HtDW P1 CountDown Animation Starter I was solving problems in the Problem Bank  and I found out that it states CountDown as Natural in the solution. I wrote my CountDown as Number since it contains &#34;0&#34;. As far as I know, 0 is not a natural number. Can someone explain what I am missing here?
how to compare two equal strings? I want to compare two strings under an i statement, I used = but it says it expected a number for it?Here is my statement: 1       n      
cond questions Can I use a different Cond question after putting one into my template. Also can my Cond questions for the template be anything. Lastly can I add more questions answer pairs in the function definition. 
Recently changed my lab section I recently changed my lab section  due to schedule conflict with another lab.I already told the TAs in the Thursday section but I wonder whether I should inform the TAs on the Tuesday section before going to the lab on Tuesday. 
lab 2 grade not available yet Hi, I checked my SPD report page, and see that my lab 1 grades and everything  are updated, but I don&#39;t see my lab 2 grades under summary or the TA grading report as of yet. I am wondering if the TA grade has been released yet or is it just me?
Problem Bank Make-Box Starter I was wondering why the Signature of the below function is Color -&gt; Image instead of String -&gt; Image? Color isn&#39;t a primitive and since this problem starter is before HTDD, we can only use primitive types for the signature right?;; You might want to create boxes of different colours.;;;; Use the How to Design Functions  recipe to design a function that;; consumes a color, and creates a solid 10x10 square of that colour. Follow the;; HtDF recipe and leave behind a commented out version of the stub.;; produce a consumed color 10x10 square  ; -image ;stub     
Editing Template May be a stupid question, but are we allowed to edit a template created from HTDD after following all the rules?For example, the HTDD says to create a cond expression with 3 Question Answer pairs, but to make the program work as intended, we need to add a 4th.
Problem set 2 submission What does it mean when Dr racket Says too much memory used?
rules for editing cond questions I have been getting template intact errors quite alot and im ing to understand what are the editing cond question rules i am breaking, ording to my knowledge the only rules i know so far are:- include guards in the cond template of data definition- cond statement include  in itemization but not in enumerationAre there any more rules that i need to know about to prevent getting more template intact errors
Function templates for itemization I am currently watching through the edX videos on itemization, and the template function for CountDown has the expressions  and  in the second cond question. Is it not sufficient to only use  as the second cond question though? I thought we are allowed to trust/assume that functions will only be called with data we define in this course.EDIT: Resolved. This is clarified in the next edX video.
Question about grade report Hi,I&#39;m just wondering if there is any chance that I can improve or replace this lecture mark? For lecture/m02-grade-standing, I took a chance and submitted the answers provided to auto grading because I was sick that day and didn&#39;t have the energy to complete this lecture, but today I completed this assignment on my own with many tries. I just want to know if it is possible that TAs could check my work again and replace the score? 
Course Resources  not visible on edx I can’t see the course resource tabs on the tip of my edx screen. I only see Course, Dates and Discussion. Please advise. 
cond question how do we know what is the correct cond questions to use for a certain data type. In one of the examples they used = but this is not in the htdd data recipe.
HtDD Constraints Since the constraints we create during the HtDD process is just a comment and not actual code, can we assume, when using it in our program, that none of the constraints are being broken? In other words, do we have to create guards for that and set up check-expects to test it? For example, I recall the professor stating that it&#39;s nice to have a check-expect for  strings, so I want to make sure if we still need to check for &#34;&#34; when it&#39;s not one of the options listed when doing HtDD.
Missed Acdemic Integrity Quiz Hi, I realized that I missed the academic Integrity quiz and it is now locked. Is there any way that I am able to complete this? Since it is needed to receive mark on Canvas.
How to Write a Type Predicate for a Natural? I just noticed that when guarding a Natural, the  predicate is used.e.g. in the GradeStanding problem from class:;; GradeStanding is one-of;; - Natural;; - &#34;H&#34;;; - &#34;P&#34;... ]...But  doesn&#39;t exist. Is there any work-around for this?Asking because natural consists only of integers greater than or equal to 0, while number consists of all decimal values from negative infinity to positive infinity.
Check-expects When doing check-expects for different possible cases, should we test for numbers that are out of bound?ie for the grade standing problem, should we test for values that are higher than 100 or lower than 0 or should we assume that the value given will always be within the given parameters
Problem set submission If my partner submitted the problem set,  already, do I have to submit it again? Thank you
interval interval.PNGCan someone explain why this would be interval. Is it because the number of girls in the class can range from 0 to 50? 
Problem set check up during lab I was in the lab and was checked on my problem set 1. My TA said I didn&#39;t indent the code and therefore was only partially correct. I was wondering how this would affect my mark for the problem set?
[SOLVED] final ELSE in Itemization? EDIT FOR NEW VIEWERS: my sincerest apologies, I had made a mistake when reading HtDD... I am very embarassed. I have flagged this post as inappropriate so it may be removed soon.The design recipies page does NOT use a final  when templating for itemization, however, the solution for HtDD NV5 includes a final ELSE in the cond, so I&#39;m not sure as which to follow.I am guessing that both are valid, but I personally find using a final &#34;&#34; is pretty ambiguous when compared with how rigid and explicit all the other programming we&#39;ve done has been.Please advise. Which should I use? Does it matter? What is the explanation for this final ?
Lab Drop and Select New Lab Hi,My sincere apologies if this issue already have been addressed. I am planning to drop my lab as I do not feel enough support in my lab and  switch into other   lab. Can I do it?If yes what are my next steps? Do I have to tell to new lab TA so that they can put me 2 lab grades?Once again I looked up everywhere and could find answer for this.
Interval Starter EdX Video I saw the Interval video on EdX and I know that the current course does not include the interval in the type comments. I was wondering if my code would be the correct/updated data definiton of SeatNumber from the video?;; SeatNum is Natural;; interp. a seat number in a row, 1 and 32 are aisle seats;; CONSTRAINT: if Natural, [1, 32]  
Question about the guard I had a question about the guard part; from today&#39;s m02-grade-standing-starter, when I submitted my codes with guard, the auto-grader saidTemplate intact : incorrect.However, when I removed all the  &#34;and&#34; and the guard, it gave me correct. So I was wondering if we are supposed to use a guard or not?
M02 lecture file submission issue I&#39;m ing to submit my lecture starter file, but it&#39;s showing a one-minute cooldown period. After waiting for the cooldown, I attempted to submit again, but I received an auto-grading error with a score of 0 out of 100. There&#39;s no specific error report, only a message stating, &#34;There is an error running the submission of &lt;file name&gt;.&#34; What should I do to fix these issues? 
Lecture exercises for marks? I know that on the syllabus it says that submitting exercises does not contribute to our lecture grade but on my autograder summary it shows that I have a 0 because I did not hand in one of the execises:I just wanted to make sure if the exercises we do during the lectures  were worth anything or are they just practice? 
Lecture 2 m02 grade standing starter problem 2 The autograde says that my cond questions not altered. I checked many times but I fail to find my problem.0%  of   6.3%  x      Template intact : incorrect.              ]        [  ]        [  ]        [  ]        [ ]              &#34;%&#34;]        [  &#34;H&#34;]        [  &#34;P&#34;]        [  &#34;F&#34;]        [ &#34;T&#34;]
lecture starter Hi there,Are lecture starters for completion marks? I know it is suggested to be done, but just to double check it is not for both correctness and completion marks right?I submitted 2 of the lecture starter after 10pm and thus did not receive auto-grader feedbacks, will it affect my grade at all? Thank you 
Deadline for lecture problems Hello,If my memory is correct, the lecture problems are due at 17:00 on the day of the lecture.My concern is that I have a lab on Thursdays from 14:00 to 17:00, and I don&#39;t feel that I have enough time to complete the lecture problems in time.I also prefer to be able to have my lunch before this, making it difficult to balance things in my schedule.I am sure that although everybody&#39;s schedule is different, many others in this class have other classes or labs afterwards as well, and would benefit from a later deadline to hand in the lecture problems.Is it possible to have the deadline moved to a later time?Thank you
Do i need to follow the same  with cond as HTDD defined data If I had data defined as:Do I need to list them in the same order for the cond in the dd-template associated with it?Such as: ]    [ ]    [  ]or can I move around the three statements within the cond?
HtDD demolish question - should we follow HtDD Design Recipe specifically? Hi.I just solved &#34;demolish&#34; question for practicing HtDDThis is my answer;; Data definitions:;; You are assigned to deve a system that will classify ;; buildings in downtown Vancouver based on how old they are. ;; According to city guidelines, there are three different classification;; levels: new, old, and heritage.;;;; Design a data definition to represent these classification levels. ;; Call it BuildingStatus.;; BuildingStatus is one of:;; - &#34;new&#34;;; - &#34;old&#34;;; - &#34;heritage&#34;;; interp. the status of buildings;; &lt;examples are redundant for enumerations&gt; ; &#34;heritage&#34;   ]        [ ]        [ ]        ;; =================;; Functions:;; The city wants to demolish all buildings classified as &#34;old&#34;. ;; You are hired to design a function called demolish? ;; that determines whether a building should be torn down or not.; produce  of given BuildingStatus is &#34;old&#34;   ;  ; stub  And this is the solution;; Data definitions:;; You are assigned to deve a system that will classify ;; buildings in downtown Vancouver based on how old they are. ;; According to city guidelines, there are three different classification;; levels: new, old, and heritage.;;;; Design a data definition to represent these classification levels. ;; Call it BuildingStatus.;; BuildingStatus is one of:;; - &#34;new&#34;;; - &#34;old&#34;;; - &#34;heritage&#34;;; interp. classification of a building based on age;; examples redundant in enumeration ;&#34;heritage&#34;#;   ]        [ ]        [ ];; =================;; Functions:;; The city wants to demolish all buildings classified as &#34;old&#34;. ;; You are hired to design a function called demolish? ;; that determines whether a building should be torn down or not.;; produces  if building is &#34;old&#34; and should be demolished   ;      ]         [ ]         [ ]   ]        [ ]        [ ]My questions are two in there.First, do we need to use  and  for ?As far as I remember, in the edx video, we just ped to type template for htdf because we have done in htdd.Also, in the lecture this morning, I think prof does not use template for htdf as well.Second, do we really need to use cond expression to get full mark?The question only ask whether the BuildingStatus is &#34;old&#34; or not.So, I just use  Instead of such a g cond expression.I get full mark for this in Autograder. But I am not sure the mark could go down after TAs have a look in the real situation.Third, do we really, must follow the Design Recipe specifically for the template?In the template, it says use  cond expression for enumeration. Therefore, our function body follow it.if we have a better, simple solution like mine, can we just use template as   Or we just need to specifically, must follow the Design Recipe&#39;s template?
Lecture starter grade-standing Hi, I received this email and my question is if the order of the type comment should be the same as the order in dd-template-rules and the function below?  Also I wonder why autograder said that there is error indd-template. The rest of code is all correct and all test passed.
Data subclass meaning clarification Hi there, this is a really simply question but I just wanted to clarify that a subclass of data was referring to what type of data it is. Could a subclass of data be strings, numbers, images, etc? If my understanding is correct, I have a follow-up question as well. Are non-primitive data types also considered subclasses of data, or is there a different name of them? Thank you.
Lecture Starter m02-grade-standing problem 1 autograder The auto grader says I am missing one or more cases for the excellent? function however I have a case for when Grade Standing is:&gt;90=90&lt;90&#34;H&#34;&#34;P&#34;&#34;F&#34;&#34;T&#34;How can there be another case I am missing?
Edx Itemization seems counterarguments itself Hi. I will show the code first.   ]        [   ]        [ ]In the video, after we looked at the Data Driven Template for numbers, he mentioned that because of c could be String, we should guard   with .After that, because we know that c is not Boolean and Number, we do not need to guard with . Instead, Just put .My questions about this lecture are....1. Then why do we use [   ]Instead of[ ]Because there is only one case which c is number, so if c is number, it must be between 1 to 10.Therefore, I think we do not need  . They are redundant.2. If the above question is not, which we need to include the range of c, does it mean that we assume input c can be any number? So, is this why we need to include the range of c?If so, why don&#39;t we guard &#34;complete&#34;? it could be any string, not necessarily &#34;complete&#34;. Therefore[ ]should be[  ]I really hope to find the answer.I am struggling to understand to what extent we need to guard.
cond question incorrect? What does the following autograder feedback for the Lecture 2 Grade Standing starter mean? cond question  : incorrect. I followed all the instructions as shown in the lecture, and the cond questions written before this are all correct. I double checked any syntax errors and all my tests are passing, is there an issue with the logic? If so, could someone please steer me in the right direction, thanks.
I can&#39;t register for zoom with my ubc email address I just realized today that I need to use my UBC email address to register for zoom to get lecture points. I clicked send verification email, but I can’t receive any email in my UBC email address. What’s going on? Can anyone tell me how can I get the verification code?
Lecture recording uploading  time Hi, I want to watch today&#39;s lecture again but it&#39;s not uploaded yet. When can we have ess to it? Thank you.
What is our Homework for today? Do we need to complete all of the starters or only grade-standing starter?
Autograder Hello, What does this means? I don&#39;t quite get &#34;cond questions not altered&#34; means...Template intact : incorrect. Thank you!!
Until when does zoom poll not count for mark? Hi, I know the Tuesday&#39;s zoom poll was not count for mark due to CS zoom ount.However, I couldn&#39;t find until when zoom poll does not count for mark.Does today&#39;s zoom poll count for mark?
Starter set lecture 3 solution I’m getting a 404 not found error when I press on solutions link. Anyone know a fix or getting the same issue?
Please Enable Chat in Zoom Lectures One big advantage we are missing out on is the ability to ask the ~600 other students in chat a question about something we missed. We also have TA&#39;s who could observe/moderate the chat.The professor doesn&#39;t even have to acknowledge the chat, its just such a useful tool that I feel like we are missing out on.
 Does order of cases matter in enumeration data? Hello, today in lecture it was told that the order of mentioning cases in enumerations does not matter as g as it is consistent throughout the code . However, when handing in the lecture problems, autograder sees this as mistakes  - would details like this count as a mistake during exam too?
Unable to download m02 status solution Hello! I am unable to download the solution for m02 status. It says URL not found in server. Can someone help with this?
m02 grade standing programs Do we need to complete the codings we did in the class today including problem 2 and submit it?if so, when is the due?
Question about lecture starter problem2 Why the autograder keep telling me “template intact”&#xff1f;How can i fix it&#xff1f;
Should we always be using guarding For guarding, should we just be always looking to add it to out code? or does it only apply to certain situations like the gradestanding problem? I think I might&#39;ve missed the explanation as my wifi was cutting out. Also why are the numbers [0,100] are atomic non-distinct, i don&#39;t think I quite get the definition.
Why and when do we add CONSTRAINT? Just came from the morning lecture and was wondering, why do we add CONSTRAINT: if natural is in [0, 100]? When do we need to add a constraint like this?
Zoom Question Marks Is there a way to see our marks from answering past lecture zoom question
"Question Regarding Guards and Simplification of Guards in HtDD According to the video, if the subclass of our data definition is the last of its type, we can replace the cond question with the guard.Example:;; Data is one of:;; - &#34;A&#34;;; - Number, restricted to &gt; 0;; - &#34;B&#34;	  ]	      [  ]	      [ ]This can be simplified to:	  ]	      [ ]	      [ ]because Number &gt; 0 is the last subclass of its data type . Will we e marks for not simplifying the cond expression for Number?Edit: typos"
edx cond expression doubt What do they mean by hand step over here? Like detailed step by step like problem 2 in pset 1?
Would the answer here not be 3/2? Am stuck. Pointers appreciated! 
lecture starters Hi everyone, I just wanna ask if you can download tmr&#39;s starter files?
EdX Data definitions module In the traffic lights example for data definitions in one of the EdX videos, the signature says &#34;Natural&#34;, and the numbers used in check-expect are 0,1,2. 0 isn&#39;t a natural number?
About tomorrow’s lecture Hi I have a question on index of lectures, because I see lecturer 3 does not have the link of the file as usual, I cannot click on it. Is it blocked or I need to find these resources in another place. I will be very appreciate if you answer my question. Thank you.George
Hi guys, where are our grades posted For lab 1 and Pset 1
Should I do the before part of Lecture 3 for tomorrow&#39;s lecture? I just had a question whether I do each before, before every lecture or before the first lecture of the week. Please elaborate and thank you for your help!
Lecture 2 starter problem 4 In yesterday&#39;s starter, for problem 4, it says:Design a function, called image&gt;, that takes two images and determines whether the first is larger than the second.I know we are supposed to put a &#34;?&#34; at the end of a function name that produces a boolean. So in this case, does it mean that if a function compares whether the first argument is greater than the second one, we put a &#34;&gt;&#34; at the end of the function name? The function produces a boolean though?Also, I was ing to look this up on the help-desk, however, I couldn&#39;t find anything. What would you suggest searching on the help-desk to find the answer to my question?Thank you!
Question on HtDF P3 - Boxify For the second practice problem in module 1b &#34;HtDF P3 - Boxify&#34;, I came across a question I was hoping I could get help with. In the solution file, the signature is &#34;Image -&gt; Image and the stub is written as However, my question is, isn&#39;t the stub supposed to produce a &#34;dummy response&#34;? and wouldn&#39;t the &#34;dummy response&#34; of an image be &#34;blank-image&#34;? Why isn&#39;t the stub something ag the lines of  blank-image
Does Dr Racket support RGB / Hexidecimal Colour codes? If I wanted to make a rectangle more than just red/blue/green/etc, could I specify what colour code I want to use?for example instead of could I do?
edx video area problem explained wrongly Hi. I am just following ae the edx video about HtDF. When he talked about a function that takes an image and returns the area of the image, the signature should be Image -&gt; Natural instead of Image -&gt; NumberBecause images are pixels, therefore the height and width must be natural number, so that the area must be the natural number.However, I tried to make a rectangle with floating point number, I can see that it works without error.I also checked the documentation for the rectangle, but it says &#34;real number not negative&#34; instead of &#34;natural number&#34;I guess he explained it wrongly in the video. Or might be version differences. Am I correct?
edX 1b Signature question The question is**Problem:** Design a function that pluralizes a given word.  For simplicity you may assume that just adding s is enough to pluralize a word.What is an appropriate signature for this function? Leave out the two semi-cos and the space, but otherwise be sure to get the capitalization and all other aspects of the signature correct.I tried both writing the signature   and the description  but i couldn't get the question right. What does this question want me to do?Thanks!Edit: nvm theyre using comments instead of tags
Senior TA Office Hour Wednesday Hi,Today Wednesday it seems we have Senior TA hours for Isabelle from 2 to 3. The room is . Is it cancelled?Never mind my apologies.She is here
Lab 1 Intro Lab: Problem 5 Grading Hi all, Please let me know if this question is in the wrong place. Now that Lab-01 is complete and graded, I assume we can discuss the solutions here. For my problem 5 solution, I used to collect the first character of the STR constant, which returns a char. I then usedto determine whether the first characters were equal. To declare the letter &#34;h&#34;, rather than using the string &#34;h&#34; , I used the character notation #\h. This resulted in t marks on my lab, which were not indicated by the autograder . I was wondering whether this solution also satisfies the problem statement, given that:&#34;Write an expression that computes whether the first character in the value of STR is &#34;h&#34;. If you do not change the constant definition for STR in the starter file, the expected result is .&#34;ETA: I know both my method and the substring method work. I was wondering if this is considered a valid solution for the lab, if an instructor could indicate. Thanks! 
Itemization rules The Itemization videos on edx state that one of the rules is that there must be 2 or more sublcasses with at least one that isn&#39;t distinct. However, one example in the video uses itemization for this data definition- Traffic light is one of: , &#34;red&#34;, &#34;yellow&#34;, &#34;green&#34; . Why does this data definition get exception from the rule?Additional Question: If the case above is actually an enumeration, do the rules relating to guards and relating to simplifying the cond questions apply?
Module Questions  Are the Dr Racket files/questions which are provided in some of the modules, are these questions mandatory to complete on Dr Racket and to be submitted via the auto grader or are they just for your own practice?
Grading report not showing up but handins are Handin files showing up but not the grading file. It takes a really g time for the grading file to show up. Had to wait almost 5hrs for it to come up.
HTDF Starter Testing Questions Hi in the problem 1 I encountered this feedback from the autograderTest thoroughness  icorrect - one or more tests caused an error.I ran the tests on racket and they did not produce an error. For reference the test that I had was.I did not understand why this error was produced. 
"HTDF Module 1 Lecture Starter Hi I was wondering about the test thoroughness of the problem 3 in the lecture starter. "" Design a function, that consumes an image and determines whether it is tall""For this, is it suggested to test for multiple shapes like circles and triangles, or does only one shape . I was wondering because in the solution, the only shape included is rectangle."
Atomic distinct vs. Atomic non-distinct According to the design recipes page, atomic distinct includes &#34;colors, letter grades, provinces etc&#34;. However, city names are atomic non-distinct in the edx videos. What differences are there between the names of cities and the names of provinces, such that one is atomic non-distinct and another is atomic distinct?Edit: Could it be based on the context of how it is designed?While city name is atomic non-distinct when the data does not specify which city , it becomes atomic distinct when it becomes part of the &#34;one-of&#34; .
Where can we see our grade? I know that there are autograder, but it could change.I can see that grades in Canvas for Lab 1 and Problem Set 1 are not graded yet.When, and where can we check our actual grades?
Problem set Hi there,I noticed that on canvas 11 problem sets are scheduled, however, on the course schedule calendar only 7 show up. Which one should we follow?Thank you 
Forgotten water bottle at lab today Hi there! I left my water bottle at my lab in the ICICS/CS building in room X260 this evening. I was wondering what the best way for me to retrieve it would be. If anyone noticed it and picked it up or knows where I can go to find t items in the ICICS/CS building, please let me know!
Lecture Starters Submission Time Hi,I know that the lecture starters are not for marks. However, I believe we are supposed to submit them, if I&#39;m not mistaken? Does it matter when they are submitted? Sometimes I don&#39;t have time to immediately work on them immediately after the lecture ends as I have classes right after. I was not aware we were submitting them last lecture. So I&#39;m ing to get them done ASAP. Is this a big issue? Thanks!
Problem Set Notifications Hi everyone, I was wondering how we can set up notifications for when a new problem set drops. That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Program ran out of memory When I was ing to run the HtDF lecture starter today this popped up. What does this mean and is there a way to fix it?
Is the lecture recording from today uploaded? And also where do I ess the recordings? 
Signature Error Confusion When I run the file that I completed for today&#39;s HTDF lecture starter, this error comes up. What does the error mean? I use the &#34; -&gt;&#34; symbol.
Template Origin Tag Error Whenever I attempt to run this program this error pops up, but if I comment out the template origin it states all tests pass I was wondering how I would correct this?
EdgeX Examples HiDo we need to submit our code for the Edge examples? Like the Modules?
Error on Problem 3 from the Lecture Problems ; Produce  if image is tall               True              False              True                            I keep getting this error saying &#34;check-expect cannot compare functions&#34;--I think it might have to do with the &gt; primitive or the fact that it&#39;s a Boolean? Or the fact that image-height and image width are expressions? I also think I might have missed something in class because I&#39;m not sure what the neutral descriptor for a Boolean value is  so I&#39;m not sure how to include that and that might be the problem.
difference between solution and my work? these are the check-expects that i created for the starter. i edited it to use &#34;oranges&#34; when originally i had &#34;flour&#34;, still with the same score that will be shown below.and these are the check-expects in the solutionthis is the score i received from autograderwhat is the difference between my work and the solution that causes my score to be 2.1% instead of 4.2%?
problem set submission i see on canvas theres an assignment for the problem sets. do we have to submit our code onto canvas? or is autograder all we have to do 
Edx video different from lecture content? I&#39;m watching the edx videos and the video does not show the same steps as we learned in the lecture, such as lack of usage of metatags. Should we still design functions as we learnt in the lecture?
HTDF Starter: Function Naming Convention for Problem 4 Hi,The function name of problem 4 is a bit ambiguous and contradictory to the style rule and I would like clarification on what we are supposed to do if we were to design a function similar to what question 4 is asking on an exam/midterm. More specifically, the function name given in the problem is image&gt; which takes in 2 images and produces a Boolean output. However, the Style Rules states the following: &#34;functions that produce Boolean should have names that end in ? pass? or aisle?.&#34;Is there a specific clause that states to not use ? for naming functions outputting a Boolean that I&#39;m missing or is this intentional?Thank you!
What does this mean? Test thoroughness : incorrect - missing one or more cases.
Does lecture questions count toward our marks Hi, on the syllabus it says the lecture questions are due 5pm after the lecture, but in piazza it says lecture questions does not count for marks. What does it mean?
HTDF lecture starter solution link not working https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/lectures/m01-htdf-solution.rktdoes not actually work
Thoroughness for tests in htdf-starter questions 3 and 4 For the final problem of the lecture 2 starters, I have been having trouble getting the tests correct. Despite ing everything that comes to mind I keep being told that I am &#34;missing one or more cases&#34; for thoroughness in problem 4. Here are my current tests for the question:                                    #                                    #                                    #              #
m01-htdf-starter question 2. Hello,I am working on the test of thoroughness for question 2.I tried different words, numbers, and mixtures of them but still got a case missing.Does anyone have any idea about it?Thanks!
Unable to score 100% on m01-htdf I have tried adding every check-expect I can think of for problem #1 for today&#39;s lecture questions , but I keep getting a 0% for Test thoroughness. I imagine this is an issue with the autograder, but I want to confirm that I am not overlooking something major.The autograder feedback:0%  of   3.6%  x      Test thoroughness : incorrect - one or more tests caused an error. None of my tests cause errors, and they are all passed correctly:All 26 tests passed!Check-expects :                                                                                                                                                          
No Zoom polls pop up at all Hi,When the polls are launched, I see absolutely nothing on my end/no polls pop up. I&#39;ve never had this issue on zoom before. I am using a mac and zoom is updated/I am signed into my zoom ount.I tried troubleshooting this issue online but have not found any solutions beyond 1. updating zoom and 2. logging in, both of which I have done. Does anyone have any suggestions?Furthermore, if this continues to be an issue is there any way to answer the questions aside from zoom polls?Edit: Also, I think at points Dr Kiczale was pointing something out about the poll distribution on his screen but I couldn&#39;t see that either??
the deadline for submitting lecture exercises after lecture and do they make up lecture grades hi, I want to ask is submitting the lecture exercises after lecture, part of our lecture grade? I think this isn&#39;t clarified on the syllabus.And I also want to make sure that the deadline is 5pm, not 10 pm right? Because I believe the deadline the professor set up for this in the first lecture was 10pm.Thank you!&#34;While submitting the exercises during lecture does not contribute to your lecture grade, working through them with the instructor during lecture is essential to your learning. You will receive real-time feedback from the auto-grader during lecture, and you have until 5:00 PM on the day of your lecture to continue working on the exercies if you are not able to finish them during lecture.&#34;
Unable to attend Section 102: Zoom keeps disconnecting I am attending the Zoom Class right now at the IKB library. But the wifi is not stable and I keep disconnecting from the Zoom meeting every 20 minutes. For now, the poll questions are not worth any marks but in future lectures when they are worth the marks what happens if my Zoom meeting disconnects when there is a poll question/test on the way?
Zoom Poll Timer There&#39;s no timer for a lot of people&#39;s zoom polls , and I don&#39;t know how g I have left. Is there a way to fix this?
zoom polls credits Hi, I want to ask because that since each lecture doesn&#39;t necessarily have the same amount of zoom polls, how are they calculated for our credits? For example, if we answered one poll wrong among eleven polls, how will our zoom attendance credit for that lecture look like?
I&#39;m not familiar with zoom polls I didn&#39;t know how the zoom polls work before. I thought I can simply choose the answer and wait till the time is up. So I missed one of the questions today.Does today&#39;s poll grade count toward the final grade?
Function design check with booleans When we write functions expecting to return a boolean like question 3 from the htdf lecture, are we supposed to not expect that the test returns fail for all checks because the checks when returning booleans do need to return  ? or should tests only be  when we design functions returning images, strings, etc. 
HtDF Lecture Starters question 4 Hi there,I want to clarify how we classify as one image bigger than the other in question 4 of the lecture starters for today. I would assume simply comparing just the height of the images would not be enough to classify as one bigger than the other. I have to tried to look through Dr Racket&#39;s manual and could not seem to find a function that would produce the area of the image. Are there any specific functions that would help me in the manual?Thanks
read-syntax: expected a cing `&#34;` Hi everyone. I have my brackets ced but it appears as expected a cing `&#34;`. The code was running until just now but it suddenly turned red and is not working anymore. Thanks in advance!
Where do I find my autograder score for the problem set solutions? As title, I know its sounds like a stupid question but I forget where we can find the score online.
Lecture Submission - Auto Grader Hi, For lecture primitive submission , I thought the due was 10pm, and I submitted my file before 10pm, but I didn&#39;t know what I was thinking, I identally submitted incomplete one after 10pm, and it got marked... and recorded in summary. Do I still get submission grade after the due time? .Thank you!!
Keyboard Shortcut for Commenting What is the keyboard shortcut  for commenting several lines in Dr. Racket? If there isn&#39;t one is there a way I can comment lines of code using my keyboard?Thanks so much for your help and support. : 
My program won&#39;t run because of this problem: read-syntax: expected a `` to ce `` I am not sure what I am doing wrong here, I just copied the expression from an edx video.
Does poll question count to your grade? My zoom couldn&#39;t open and couldn&#39;t quit no matter how many times I force quit it. So in the first 7min I couldn&#39;t do the poll question.
Error message &#34;topple: Cannot find define for this function name&#34; Hello! I am in the lecture right now and I am following ag with the code for problem 1. However when I comment out the stub, I get this error message for the line  that says topple is not defined. Can someone help with this?
Zoom clicker questions Hi! There seemed to be an issue with zoom and I was unable to see two polls and clicking submit on others did not seem to work. Will grades be affected because of this since it was a technical fault?Thanks
Lecture Questions I am attending a lecture, but I&#39;ve encountered an issue with Zoom polls as it hasn&#39;t displayed any questions. I did manage to see the initial question on the polls, but it seems like I&#39;m the only one encountering these problems, as other students appear to have no trouble answering the Zoom polls.Could someone kindly provide me with guidance on how to locate and respond to the questions during the lecture?
Missed zoom poll Hi, during the lecture, I identally missed a participation zoom poll. Will it affects my grades?Thank you 
Missing the 1st day of the Lab. Would that be okay? Is there anything important or graded on the first day of the Lab? I just got into a lab section which is on Monday; so there is no way I can take the first section of the Lab...
Lab1 Task 4 Hi!I missed my laboratory section  because of a delayed study permit, and would like some help with Task 4.I&#39;m assuming we have to produce a working &#39;if expression&#39; to answer the prompt because of the assigned videos, but I don&#39;t understand how a single expression involving Booleans can lead to three possible answers . Would we be allowed to explore the use of other primitives/expressions to answer this, or is there something  I haven&#39;t tried?
Question about missing string in BSL P16 Hey I was just wondering about where the string &#34;abc&#34; went in line 34 for BSL P16.I checked with the answer key and it also wasn&#39;t there, is this some kind of typo or am I missing something about the &#34;if&#34; expression I am not aware about? 
SPD hand itin Is there anywhere  we have to submit works like problem set 1 or is it submitted once we click SPD handin?
Before lecture work I know this may be a stupid question but apart from just reading and watching the vidoes in module 1a what  do we need to do before tomorrow lecture 
Passed Challenge Exam Hi,I just received the email of my challenge exam score. I passed the challenge exam and chose to use the exam score to replace my course. I replied the email to CPSC110 team, but did not receive a response yet. Do I need to attend tomorrow&#39;s class as usual?Many thanks!
Problem Set Solutions Hi,I could not find the answer for my question. Can someone elaborate/guide will it be ok if we discuss our problem sets after we have submitted or due date passed with TA in TA office hours.The reason I wanna do that is to learn the mistakes and fix it for the future. Obviously I will not be still discussing the concepts and not asking any code results.Thank you
Post not found in Problem Set 1 Thread Hello,I had posted questions in the Problem Set 1 Questions thread but I found them disappear after I ced the piazza on my computer. Does anyone know what is happening?
Questions of edX I ped all the quizzes we have while I was doing courses on edXSince there is no grade for it, can we just  them or should I go back and solve all the questions in section 1a and 1b?
Password to watch zoom lecture? 
Design Recipes Tab In Module 1b Full Speed HtDF it says to go to the design recipes tab in the course website but whenever I go to the course website I can only see tabs for course, dates, and discussion. Does anyone know where to find the design recipes?
Hand ins Do the Racket files we hand in become an averaged mark, or does it just take the most recently handed in?
Function Definitions Hi,I have a question regarding Functions.I understand that to form a Function we give it a name  and parameters like this one:  My question/confusion comes when we write the body. Should it be only pr expression including the parameters? For Ex:is this correct? or is it to be only one process like only multiply or addition ?Thank you
What to include in a signature for a function I was wondering what exactly should be included in a signature; for example, if I have a function that takes in two numbers and outputs one, should it be:```;;Number Number -> Number```Or do I only include the main units being altered 
Grade of Lecture Hi, i saw that there is 10% lecture grade. I want to know how to get during the lecture.
Lecture 110 101 is assigned an in-person classroom In my timetable my CPSC110 section 101 lecture is assigned to the class LSK 462.I read a past post; @112 about lecture attendance, the instructor&#39;s response indicates that all lectures and office hours are held online, and all other class activities are held in person Just wanted to clarify that I do go to LSK 462 for the 110 lecture, as there was no post about the online lectures moving to in person. I understand CPSC 110 is hybrid, but the instructor&#39;s response indicates only labs and tutorials are in person but not lectures.Thanks!edit: nevermind I think I figure it out, I apologize
Search in help desk not working hi, I used the search in help for the radial-star question on Edx, but when I clicked on it the link only showed a blank web page with the sentence &#34;Please go here&#34;, and when I clicked on it it still didn&#39;t direct me anywhere, does anyone know how to fix this?the link is file:///private/var/folders/qs/kv5gl9p16cn7n908lxcbz4rr0000gn/T/plt-sendurl-contents-file-16943736981694373698548.html
Do lecture starters count towards the lecture grade? I was unaware of the 10PM deadline, and I have since improved my lecture starter grades since the report in the SUMMARY folder came in.Do lecture starters make any part in our lecture grade? Or is it solely the Zoom poll questions that are mentioned in the syllabus?
Edx video does not play Hi. I am just starting to watch lecture video in edx, however, the video does not play.My internet connection is fine, and I tried to refresh websites multiple times, however, none of them work.Is there any solution for this?
Are we supposed to complete the lab sectrion on edX before coming to our lab or during it? As per the title should we complete &#34;Lab 1: Intro Lab&#34; on edX before coming to our lab or will we be working on it during the lab?
Change constant to image in definition window this is a screenshot from edX video. 1a : Beginning Student Language / Booleans and if Expressions, pt 3We were supposed to evaluate the if expression above. The first step is to reduce the expression to the corresponding value, which is the image shown. I have been wondering how to do that in the definition window. Any helps are appreciated, thank you!
or  Why do  and  both produce ?
Lecture 2 prework Hi, I just wanted to ask whether or not the lecture index contains all of the work we should do for the course excluding psets, and labs. I am reading the lecture 2 &#34;before lecture section&#34;  but it doesn&#39;t seem to have any actual prework. This is just a little confusing for me since the previous lecture says there is prework before lecture 2. Is this intentional, or am I missing something?Thanks!
I was doing the BSL edx basics and I encountered a problem Screenshot_2023-09-09_at_10.01.19_AM.pngThis was the problem. I don&#39;t what foo is used for and I am stuck on its evaluation.I will appreciate the help pls 🙏
Anything due today or this week? As the title states, is anything due today or this coming week other than the problem set 1 that’s due on the 12th? Thank you.
edx question Does anyone know why the answer is ? I couldn&#39;t even get what the question is asking for…
Explanation for not primitive Hi everyone, I looked up the not primitive using help desk and am still a little confused. Can someone offer an explanation of how it works. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Past lecture recordings Hi, just wondering if there is any way to ess the lecture recordings from past terms because I saw them on the links page yesterday but can&#39;t seem to find them today.
Value vs Argument Hi guys, could anyone tell me the difference between argument and value? As far as I know, after defining bulb, the &#34;red&#34; in  can be called as both argument and value.
Do we need to hand in the problems in the Problem Bank? I have been solving problems from the Problem Bank and I just checked if my code is right with the solution files. I did not hand-in for autograde. Is this okay? or do I have to hand them in? Thx
Zoom Cloud Recording Hi, are there any ways to ess the Cloud Recordings on Canvas without paying for Cloud storage on Zoom?
I think overlay is a better choice for drawing the flag in m01-primitive-starter  The program only draws two images using overlay, while it has to draw 3 using beside. I think the expression above is clearer and faster.
How to find iclicker on canvas? Does anyone know where the iclicker is, I can&#39;t find any informations about it on canvas?
changing grade after lecture grades report if my grades report for the lecture comes in and I improve my scores on the starters afterward? Will they apply, or should I stop ing once the summary comes in?thanks!
Primitive Starter Problem 2 Hi, I did the primitive starter problem 2 a slightly different way than the solution, but the autograder gives an error saying that it &#34;found a definition that is not at the top level&#34;I am not sure what this means, is there something wrong with the function I am using, or should I not be using functions at all? I am pretty sure using a function instead of repeating each line is also a valid way of answering the question. Appreciate any help, thanks. 
HtDF @signature and @template-origin Type Expectations For the How to Design Functions module. we are expected to provide the expected type inputs and outputs to a function in the @signature and the expected input in @template-origin. The teaching material indicates that this typing should be as specific as possible. How can I be certain that the function call will only allow a &#39;Natural&#39; rather than just a &#39;Number&#39; without forcing this typing within the function? I understand that the output can be specified, but how can I know the input will follow the type expectations I set for it?Ag this line of thought, to determine the most specific typing, are we expected to know all the types available in Racket? 
Autograder Not Working  Hi,I have submitted the problem set 1 except the last question. Submission is successful but when I check in Autograder it does not show my submission and feedback. Is there any issue right now?Thanks in advance
Lab restriction The lab that is restricted seems still have seats available , can I join either L1R or L1U, because currently I do not have available lab.
DrRacket and the 80 or 102 character limit per line - Why? So I ran into this problem today when ing to hand in my assignment, which was a shock at first leading me to look around in DrRacket only to realize that this is very much intended  and what seems to be part of the design of the program, at least from what I could see. I relented and ended up spending some time to split a bunch of my comment lines until i could finally submit the file. However, even though the article had provided its own reasoning I failed to see the point of it. Yes, ger lines may be harder to display on some screens and will require the use of the scroll bar to read fully. But an arbitrary character limit does not seem very intuitive. The lecture starter in question was fairly simple and had short lines of code, but what happens when more complicated code that needs more space to be expressed? I do not think every single line of code can be easily split into multiple lines without either causing problems or at the very least look kind of messy.Maybe there is some unspoken explanation relating to workplace habits or something like &#34;if it is too g and cannot be split easily your code is bad&#34; out there. But I could not really find any discussion about this character limit, only that it exists and there was a little blurb written about it.
"Questions Regarding the Rocket Descent Practice Problem from HtDD 1. Question Regarding the Data Definition;; RocketDescent is one of;; - Number ?When the rocket lands, could I specify RocketDescent as being equal to &#34;complete&#34; rather than ?2. Question regarding simplifying the codeWould we e marks if we choose not to simplify our solution?	   ]          				[ ]Since the subclass corresponding to the first cond statement is the last of its type, we could replace the cond question with the guard:	 ]          				[ ]Would we e marks for not simplifying our solution as per Case 2 above?3. Check-expect statements of our function.If the data RocketDescent takes on values of Number [0, 100], what sort of checks would we need in our function examples?My guess is that we need to check both boundaries  and a mid-point . However, would we need to check a decimal value as well? &#34;0 km&#34; &#34;100 km&#34; &#34;50 km&#34; &#34;40.5 km&#34;  &lt;-- is this even needed?"
This one cannot operate. Is it because this order not for beginning students language setting? 
Function Starter problem 2 This step seems to be incorrect, but I don&#39;t get it. Could someone give me a hint?
edX 1a ques 7 Question 71 point possible Which of these expressions most clearly expresses the idea that it computes the produces the average of the numbers 4, 6.2 and -12? 3 3-0.6what is the right answer? I thought it should be b and c . any idea?
Need help with this question on edx edge 
Racket Installation I installed Racket from the link on the CPSC 110 site  on my Windows laptop using the x64, 64-bit version 8.10 to fit my laptop but when I open the app, it looks very different than what I&#39;ve seen and I can&#39;t find the option to configure language settings. I uninstalled V8.10 and tried 8.9 but it&#39;s the same thing. I also see it as &#34;Racket&#34; instead of &#34;DrRacket&#34; if that matters? Not sure what&#39;s wrong since I used the link from the course site.
Where to find problems sets? There’s no info on my canvas, and I can’t see on the syllabus where to find them?
Error while grading one of the problems I&#39;m ing to grade my functions starter file, but I keep getting the same error for problem 2. It says:Error grading problem &#34;Must not edit, comment out, or move definitions from starter.&#34;: incorrectI have tried fixing it by uncommenting things and by redownloading the file, but it still isn&#39;t working. It is the same error every time.
homework deadlines on course schedule timetable in syllabus hi everyone, I was checking the course schedule timetable and noticed that all deadlines for problem set are put one day prior to the deadline date on canvas, I want to ask which is the deadline date we should be following?
About the quotation mark When do we need to put a quotation mark between a value? Like I don’t see a quotation mark between numbers but individual words.
Primitive/Function Starters Some people seem to be thinking that the starter activities are for marks, but I was under the impression that they were simply just for us to practice? 
office hours I just tried joining the Zoom link for office hours and it appeared to be ced. It read &#34;waiting for the host to start meeting.&#34; However, the timetable says that office hours run on Thursdays until 6:30 pm. Is this correct?
Module 1A Due Date Hello, I was just wondering when Module 1A is due? Should we complete them for the next lecture or should they be done the day of each lecture?
Question about submissions After I finished the functions starter and the primitives starter problems, and the&#39;ve all been sent to autograder through the SPD Handin, is there nothing  to do to make sure my work has been handed in for the night and counted ? Or do I have to submit the files somewhere 
Autograder Cooldown TIme I just submitted my first attempt for PSet 1 and the Cooldown time seems to be an hour. Is that the normal cooldown time for the first Problem Set? If the cooldown time increases over the term, will the cooldown time for the later PSets be something like a day? 
edX Question For , what would the step-by-step evaluation of this expression be?  I thought it would be the same as /3, but when I run the program, I actually got a different value. How is it different from this expression  3? Thank you!
How much do the zoom questions count for our final grade? Do these zoom questions count a lot toward our final grade? What if we are unable to come to a class? Thanks!
SPD Handin Error File is not saved I have tried at least 50 times while logging into SPD Handin and it still appears like this. I am logging in with the correct CWL username and password. I have uninstalled and installed it again but it is still the same. 
EDx spd handin Hi everyone, I am just wondering if we have to use spd handin on the ed x starter files for the videos
the name of a function The example which professor gave during the class was  &#xff0c;but in the next line it was So is it to write ?Thank you
SPD Handin Error Server Error I am have been having trouble with my spd handin since yesterday in my cpsc 110 lab. Whenever I  to use spd handin in DrRacket and I put in my password, a message pops up saying &#34;login error: bad username and my cwl&#34;I think the problem may be that I changed my CWL password yesterday during the lab to set up my student email.I would just like to get my spd handin up and running because I would like to handin the lecture questions and practice sets. I have included an image of the popup I get when I  to submit.Thank You!
issue with running on DrRacket I have been attempting to run programs for today&#39;s lecture, however it seems that it is not running anything and an error shows up. What can I do to fix it? 
Value vs Expression What is the difference between a value and an expression in BSL?
TA Office Hours for Thursday September 7th Hi,We are 3 of student waiting for TA Shashwat as he is scheduled from 2:30 till 3:30 for today September 7th. But he is not here can you please give us update?Thank you
Possibility of Switching to the other lecture section I am currently registered in one of the two Term 1 sections. Is it possible to switch to the other section on the official SSC system and attend that section for the in-class Lecture questions?
Question: lecture assignment So on primitives starter when I hand it in even though on problem 2 I did the flag correctly  it gives me a error saying: Error evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:3:0: define: found a module require that is not at the top level  in:  I thought it was something related to the  but even though I changed places and everything it still gives me same error. thank you for the help :
primitives-starter autograder doesn&#39;t like my function definition For question 2, when it asks to make a Canadian Flag without a leaf, I defined the rectangles like this:     This gave me the correct answer, but the autograder didn&#39;t like how I defined it.This is the error I got:Error evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:3:0: define: found a definition that is not at the top level  in:   Did anyone  get this error? I have no idea what I did wrong.
How to turn on Dark Mode in DrRacket With DrRacket open, go to: Click &#34;Edit&#34; Click &#34;Preferences... :The preferences window should open.  Click &#34;Colors&#34;Select the color scheme you like. &#34;White on Black&#34; is the recommended dark mode. To activate the color scheme, the name of the color scheme to the right of its preview. Alternatively, you can create your own color scheme by clicking &#34;Design Your Own Color Schemes&#34;
Module 1A:BSl According toAfter LectureCongratulations on finishing lecture 1! Remember to ask questions anytime something isn&#39;t clear in lecture. Forming questions is a key part of learning, so forming and asking questions in lecture is learning!To complete the lecture first review primitives-starter .Then work through all the sections of Module 1A: BSL.Where is the Module 1A:BSL?
Lecture Attendance I&#39;m in 110 102, and on checking my SSC on my phone, no building was indicated and I assumed I&#39;d have to join the Zoom meeting. However, on checking my timetable again on my laptop, it says to attend at IRC - 4. Just wanted to ask, do I have the option to attend lectures online or at the above location? If I show up in-person, will there be an instrcutor there or would I still just be joining a Zoom call?
Laptop Charger Left Behind in Lab L1J There was a laptop charger left behind during Wednesday’s L1J lab. Please pick it up at the CS office !
SPD Handin Error I keep geting the below error when ing to hand in the function starter file.Error evaluating grader code that calls submitted code - eval:2:0: area: this function is not defined
Question regarding primitives-starter For problem 2 of primitive starter, the auto grader states that I produced an incorrect image, while it looks perfectly correct and the ratio requirement is fullfilled as well. Is that a system issue or there are requirements that I haven&#39;t take into ount ?    0%  of  12.5%  x     Produces correct image: incorrect. 
Difference between ; and ;; What is the difference between using 1 ; and having 2 ; as in ;; 
Solutions to m01-functions-solution.rkt not opening When ing to download solutions to m01-functions-solution.rkt and m01-primitives-solution.rkt I get the following message.Not FoundThe requested URL was not found on this server.Just wondering if anyone  is getting this message.
Unable to find the lecture section in edx Can&#39;t find the lecture page on edx and was wondering if it hasn&#39;t been posted yet.
Where can I fond the problem sets? If cannot find the problems, can someone please point me to them?  Thank you!
Partner submissions Hello,If we decide to work on the problem sets with a partner, do both partners need to submit a file with both cwls  ? Or should there be only one submission with both cwls
Joining Lecture On ing to join today&#39;s lecture at 12:30, I am getting a prompt for a meeting passcode. Where can I find this? 
unable to load edx page hi, is anyone  failing to load the edx login page? is the server down or is it just me having this problem?
zoom questions Hi,Just not very sure about zoom questions mentioned during lectures. Could you please help to clarify where/when/due date of the zoom questions will be posted?Thanks!
Lab I thought labs were next week? I went to mine and nobody was there. One of the workers saw me andtold me there’s no labs on the first week. Can I just go to a different lab section this week?
Quesion about SPD handin Why it keeps telling me “submission used to much memory” &#xff1f;
Regarding lecture work hand in When is the deadline to hand in lecture work? Do we still get to work on it after lecture? Also would it be fine if we have extra code  in our file? Or should we open a separate file to do the testings? Would the auto grader grade it wrong in the case of having extra code?
SPD Handin error I tried handin for the primitive starter file for lecture 01, but I am constantly encountering the error &#34;File @cwl tag is missing or incorrectly edited.&#34;, This was not a problem when I tried handin for the test file when setting up DrRacket, where I entered my CWL username and password correctly. I retyped my entire username and password again when I want to handin the starter file today yet this error occurred. Just wondering what should be done to prevent this from happening. Thanks.
About Starting file Can someone tell me where I can find the starting file? Because everything I put in my racket today shows that it’s not defined. Thanks.
How to install SDP Handin I have tried to figure out how to install the SDP handin. It seems on my DrRacket there is no file button? Any help is great
Zoom recordings Where will we be able to ess recordings of lectures? I am one of the students who could not make it from the beginning of the lecture
Can run the assignment file before? Can I run my assignment file to check it outwhether it’s right before I submit it?
Racket running unbearably slow Hi, I have racket set up and unfortunately for me it is running insanely slow. It takes over a minute to register a single letter being typed. Is anyone  experiencing this issue? Attempting lecture starters is impossible for me. Task manager says its running fine.Additionally, Gregor said to submit our lecture starters at the end of class. Can I submit them at the end of the day, when this issue is resolved?
Accessing the modules to be solved during class How do we ess the modules being solved in class, like M01-Primitives starter
Confused about auto grader Hello! I&#39;m very confused about the auto grader and I&#39;m a little t. Do we use it for each problem we do? What does the cool down period mean? 
Section 101 Lecture Capacity Issue Resolved! Hi everyone, thank you for your patience and understanding while we worked with IT to resolve the capacity limit on the Zoom session this morning. The issue was resolved as of 10:15am.If you missed part of this morning&#39;s lecture, you can view the lecture recording once it is posted after lecture , or you can join section 102 from 12:30-2:00pm this afternoon if you&#39;re available. We do not count lecture participation grades in the first lecture, so there is no need to worry if you missed any of the questions. 
Lab submission Hello, when do labs need to be submitted after each lab?
Office hours Where can I find the office hours to ask for help? thank you
Wifi went down during the 110 101 meeting today Hi everyone, the wifi went down during the meeting so myself and some other students missed 20 minutes from the lecture. Did anyone  run into this issue?
Recommended specs Is there a recommended list of specs for a laptop for lectures and labs?I brought my surface since I don't want to bring a bulky laptop, but DrRacket is a bit slow at times. I've got a Surface Pro 7, I've got a i5-1035G4 CPU and 8GB RAM.Thanks!
Unable to open Dr Racket after downloading Hello! I am unable to open my Dr Racket after downloading it. It says &#34;There is no application set to open the document&#34;. I have macOS Big Sur and am not sure which platform to select when downloading. Can someone help with this? Thank you so much!!
Conflict between scheduled Midterm 1 &amp; 2 and CPSC 121 Lecture Hi there, I know that UBC has procedures to follow if one has a scheduling conflict between midterms for different classes. I am not sure about the scheduling conflicts between midterms and classes. I believe this might be of interest to students who take CPSC 110 and CPSC 121 Section 103. I can see on the course schedule that midterms are scheduled for the following timeslots:MT1 - October 5  at 6 pmMT2 - November 16  at 6 pmHowever, the CPSC 121 Section 103 is scheduled to start at 5 pm and end at 6:30 pm on Thursdays. There is an overlap of 30 minutes for when the MT1 &amp;2 are scheduled.Given everything stated above, what will be the best course of action to mitigate the time overlaps between scheduled midterms and CPSC 121 class? Is there an individual in the CPSC department who will be able to advise on this one? This might be too early to bring up...Thank you for your responses in advance!Kind regards,
Maximum Student Limit on Zoom I tried to enter todays lecture at 9:31 and it didn’t let me in via zoom because the maximum limit of 500 students were reached. Is there a way for us to bypass this to recieve the participation marks?
edX ount not compatible with edX? I&#39;ve made my edX edge ount, but I was on the app store and saw edX. I downloaded it and whenever I  to sign in using my edX edge ount details, it says that it&#39;s wrong. Am I not ablt to sign into edX with my edX edge ount?
zoom meeting after I enter my zoom meeting id there&#39;s a required passcode? what is the following passcode?
Zoom link to today’s course not on Canvas I can no ger find the posted Zoom link for the coming lecture on Canvas, can anyone  paste their saved link in the comments? Thank you all in advance
CPSC 110 Term 1 Registration Will registration for the CPSC 110 W1 waitlist/lecture sections open again? Registration is currently blocked for all 1st-semester sections.
Autograder Cool Down Period Hi,Can we please have a clarity on Autograder Cool Down Period please? Firstly, I already have checked on the syllabus about this issue but could not find details.Secondly, I have checked the time at the very corner of the message when cool down period ends.Thirdly, how often does it go to Cool Down Period. I only submitted once then it went to Cool Down. Is there any issue right now? Thank you
Question about zoom Hey, I know that many ppl have asked this question, but I cannot log into my Zoom ount by using the cwl@student.ubc.ca email. It says that my ount does not exist. I could find the zoom bottom on Canvas as well  But using my student email is a requirement for tomorrow&#39;s Zoom. I am just wondering if anyone could help me out. I have also tried set my Canvas default email to cwl student email and still nothing happens.
Do we need to make a zoom ount? I have a lecture tomorrow, and I was wondering if we needed to make out own zoom ounts for the lecture or will we have them made for us? Or will we be told how to proceed in the lecture? Or does it just not matter for the first class?
Question Regarding SPD-Handin of Problem Sets Just to be clear, if we submit our solution to a problem set more than once, the grade of our most recent submission will be kept by the AutoGrader - is that correct?
Tomorrows Lecture Will tomorrows lecture be on zoom as there is no location on my timetable
Have not been assigned room for tomorrow&#39;s  lecture ! I have not been assigned any room for the lecture . Where would the lecture take place? Is there some kind of glitch or I have not been registered for the course? 
I don&#39;t understand why we need three tests minimum? In cases of booleans, I thought you only need 2 tests, one for the  case and one for the  case. Why do we need a minimum of three tests?Here is the partial design of too-tall?:;; Icon -&gt; Boolean;; produce  if the given icon is more than 30 pixels high    ;stub
question regarding zoom hi, I have both my UBC gmail which is the one I use for my CWL, and also a CWL@student.ubc.ca email. Which one should I use for the zoom session tomorrow?
CS ID? I have a midterm conflict for CPSC and PHYS and the Midterm conflict form provided asked me to add my CS ID, is that my cs student email? Please help.
Lecture Starters Under Lecture 01 on edX, there is a section with the sub heading &#34;The starters for this lecture are:&#34; followed by these three bullet points:m01-primitives-starter.rktm01-functions-starter.rkt110-intro.pdfShould these be worked on prior to tomorrows lecture? When is this due? 
How to create/ess CWL@student.ubc.ca email? I was able to ess my UBC cs email, but I still have trouble essing my CWL@student.ubc.ca email which I know will be needed for zoom classes.  Could anyone briefly explain how they essed their CWL@student.ubc.ca email?  Thank you!
Any edX work before tomorrows lecture? Are there any videos or work we must complete in edX prior to tomorrows lecture? Also, is the lecture fully online--will it be a zoom meeting/tutorial vid?
What do we need to bring for our lab?? Hi there! Does anyone know what should we bring to our today’s first day lab? Thanks!
TA Office Hours September 6 Hi,Do we have TA office hours for today?Thank you
Somewhere to attend zoom meetings outside of dorm? It’s 11 minutes from my dorm to the class I have immediately after cpsc110, is there somewhere where I can attend the lectures outside of my dorm? Should I just find a place in a library or is there a dedicated cpsc110 room?
DrRacket SPD handin unable to connect to server Hi, wondering if anyone  is having a similar problem connecting to the server? What steps can I take to fix this? 
First lab date Hi, I’m scheduled to be in lab on Tuesdays but considering imagine day was on Tuesday, I am assuming the first lab for my section will be on next Tuesday the 12th? 
Academic Integrity Quiz Hello,Would it possible clarify about the Academic Integrity Quiz? I have two questions:1. Is it mandatory to fill it out?2. I believe there is error on the 2nd question of the quiz. I have entered 0 and as well as 1 for partner to the problem set but it is not giving me any points. I am keep getting 90% overall out of the quiz.Can you please guide me on this issue?Thank you
Office hour Hi,  just wonder if we have instructor office hour today? Thanks
Office Hours Zoom sessions can also be joined via the Zoom tab in Canvas. All times listed are in Pacific Daylight Time . Please note that all regularly scheduled TA office hours are cancelled on the day of the midterm exams and the day after the midterm exams .  Due to Thanksgiving on Monday, October 9, the UBC Vancouver Senate has designated Thursday, October 12 as a ‘Make-Up Monday.’ All classes normally scheduled for Thursday, October 12 are cancelled and replaced by classes that are normally scheduled for a Monday. For CPSC 110, this means that the Monday office hours schedule replaces the Thursday office hours schedule on Thursday, October 12.Instructor Office HoursDayTimeLocationWednesday11:00-13:00*ICCS 246Friday11:00-13:00ICCS 246*12:00-14:00 on Wednesday, October 4TA Office HoursTADayTimeLocation/LinkMarius &amp; MonicaMonday10:00-11:00DLC  Table 3Caleb, Ellen, &amp; WyattMonday13:00-14:00DLC  Table 3Abby &amp; ChrisMonday16:00-17:00DLC  Table 3Mina &amp; JasonMonday19:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Josh &amp; Muhammad Tuesday11:30-12:30DLC  Table 3Ashtan &amp; JiayinTuesday14:30-15:30DLC  Table 3Pushya &amp; JiayinTuesday17:30-18:30DLC  Table 3Joy &amp; MarkWednesday10:00-11:00DLC  Table 3On Zoom November 15th: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Edward, Ellen, &amp; WyattWednesday13:00-14:00DLC  Table 3Angelina &amp; SamiWednesday16:00-17:00DLC  Table 3 and Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09David &amp; NanditaWednesday19:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Christie &amp; SarahThursday11:30-12:30DLC  Table 3Kathryn &amp; WilliamThursday14:30-15:30DLC  Table 3Helmi &amp; KevinThursday17:30-18:30DLC  Table 3Samrath &amp; TinaFriday10:00-11:00DLC  Table 3Ellen, Jade, &amp; WyattFriday13:00-14:00DLC  Table 3Dennis &amp; MinhFriday16:00-17:00DLC  Table 3Mina &amp; MuslimFriday19:00-20:00Zoom: https://ubc.zoom.us/j/63373008116?pwd=S0FhZ0UxSjV2ZE9mWWFQSFJrRjExZz09Senior TA Office Hours1TADayTimeLocation/LinkSeanMonday14:00-15:00ICCS X141EllenMonday15:00-16:00ICCS X141AshtanTuesday11:00-12:00ICCS X141AlexTuesday13:00-14:30ICCS X141IsabelWednesday14:00-15:00ICCS X141EllenWednesday15:00-16:00ICCS X141AshtanThursday11:00-12:00ICCS X141AlexThursday13:00-14:30ICCS X141BorisFriday14:00-15:00ICCS X141EllenFriday15:00-16:00ICCS X1411Senior TA office hours are intended to be a resource for students who are unable to attend instructor office hours and/or who are seeking advice on questions that may be too personal for general office hours. All of the TAs on the teaching team are well equipped to support students in learning the course material, but senior TAs who have been working with the course for a number of terms have more experience answering questions regarding personal difficulties and can connect students to resources or their instructor if necessary.
Are lectures online? I don’t see the class details or location on my course schedule, does that mean CPSC lectures are online? However labs have a location so I assume the labs are in person?
I couldn&#39;t get into any of the Lab section what should I do for tomorrow? I am confused about attending online lectures and going to a lab and everything.. someone please help. Thanks in advance
Is there a video I need to watch before coming in for my first lecture tomorrow? I have a lecture tomorrow 110 L1X, do I need to watch any video on edX before that?
Food During Exams I'm wondering whether we could have some snacks/food during exams, more specifically the challenge exam as it's between 5pm-7:30pm .
Zoom Hey I was just reviewing the syllabus and I noticed that for Zoom we need to use our UBC email but how do we know our email is connected to Zoom? What I did was go onto canvas and I clicked on zoom and then found the zoom link and then I clicked on that... is this how we should be joining our classes each week? Will you be able to see our UBC emails when we join like this?
SPD Handin Not Working I&#39;m scheduled to write the CPSC 110 Challenge Exam tomorrow  and my SPD handin has suddenly stopped working as of yesterday. I&#39;ve emailed the admin team but have not heard back yet and I&#39;m not able to submit or view any of my practice exams in handback; I just keep getting an error message when I  to view the page. I didn&#39;t have this problem until yesterday.I&#39;ve tried re-installing the handin, I&#39;ve re-linked my CWL, and double checked that my password is correct. Nothing is working. Has this happened to anyone ? I&#39;m panicking. 
Signed up for edx properly? I signed up through EdX using my cwl@student.ubc.ca email address, does that mean that I have signed up properly for use in the course? Or is it necessary to sign up with the &#34;sign in with institution/campus credentials&#34; option.
Lab on Wednesday&#xff1f; Are we still going to have a lab on Wednesday night though we haven’t take any lectures yet?
Problem Bank Solving with TAs Hi,I know there was a similar question earlier. But wanted to clarify can we solve Problem Banks with TAs in TA officce hours? As autograder does not work for all problem banks. Secondly, will we have ess in Midterms/Finals Dr Racket Documentation for rules?Thank you  
404 Not Found Autograder Screenshot_2023-09-05_113018.pngHas anyone  had this error when ing to essing the webpage for the autograder report.  Not too sure what the problem or fix is.  If anyone knows the solution to the issue let me know.  Thanks
Using Autograder for Problem Bank Hi,Can we submit Problem Banks into Autograder? If yes will it give any feedback?As I have tried couple times it gives back 100% each time even if I have mistakes.Thank you
Are we allowed to use Auto Grader in Labs/Midterms and Final Exams? Would it be possible to have a clarification on that ?Thanks in advance 
SPD Handin on Dr Racket Does anyone have this problem when ing to submit through SPD handin on Dr Racket? Where a message pops up: &#34;File @assignment tag is missing or incorrectly edited.&#34; I&#39;ve tried many times and I kept getting this message…
Class Tuesday? Are we going to be having class on Tuesday or will it be cancelled?
Setting up EdX hey guys I&#39;ve set up EdX and I wanted to log back in and I did put in the correct username and password but its wants to confirm that its me and it said that it sent me an email to my @student.cs.ubc.ca email but I&#39;m not sure how to log into that email to ess the link EdX sent me. the only email I have set up is the @student.ubc.ca email and I&#39;ve checked that one and I haven&#39;t gotten any email from EdX
Help on setting up &#34;Style Rules&#34; So I&#39;m at the last part in &#34;setup&#34; and I&#39;m having issues finding the &#34;preferences&#34; part? Ive opened dr Racket and I&#39;ve gone to the top and I&#39;ve clicked on Edit and I&#39;m not seeing a preference? I also use a Mac... 
handin error My CWL username is correct, and I did select the web tab and enter the url: https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/spd.plt but still...
Screen freezing when attempting to install SPD Handin Hi,When I attempt to install the SPD Handin through File &gt; Install .plt File &gt; Web &gt; https://cs110.students.cs.ubc.ca/spd.plt DrRacket freezes. I have waited up to 10 minutes and I have not seen it unfreeze or really do anything .My screen looks like this:Thanks to anyone willing to help. 
Dr Racket Installation Hello,I just installed Dr Racket as well as  Install .plt File. Please note I have restarted Dr Racket and tried &#34;test&#34; document to handin. I am receiving this message : handin-connect: could not connect to the server Is problem on my side or system issue?
Error message upon SPD Handin test submission Edit: Solved, thank you!!Attached is an error message I received when I attempted to submit the test file for the drracket setup. Any ideas on how to fix? Thank you.
Zoom ess when we join the zoom link in Canvas do we just click on &#34;zoom&#34; and we will automatically join the online lecture or do we need to do something with our UBC email to ess the link? 
Challenge Exam - World Problems In the lecture videos that were available to students studying for the challenge exam, it is repeatedly mentioned that World problems will not be on the exam. Is this the case for the challenge exam as well?
Challenge/Final Exam and Leaving @template tags When I work on problems, especially umulator problems with a lot of worklists, I like to have a `@template` tag to remind me of what parameters/definitions are available to me when, even though we're not required to leave an `@template` tag nearing the end of the course.Is this allowed in the challenge exam and final and if the template is wrong, do I e marks on the exam?
Is the Canvas Page Open To Students on CPSC 110 Waitlist? I&#39;m on the waitlist for CPSC 110 1W1 and I don&#39;t seem to have ess to the Canvas webpage for CPSC 110. Will this open anytime soon?If the Canvas webpage is not available to students on the waitlist, could the Zoom link be shared on Piazza?
Couple of Questions Regarding Computers in this Course Are there computers provided for us to use during lab sessions? Or do we have to bring our own always?Also, is there any relation between the computers we use during lectures, and those used in person during labs and exams? ?Thanks!
Challenge Exam Piazza I have registered for the September 6th challenge exam and was wondering if its possible to gain ess to the Summer 2023 Piazza for this class. As it stands, the website will not allow me to join that forum, only this one.If I can't join, is it eptable to post questions regarding practice exams here?Thanks
Question Regarding the Format of the Lectures I&#39;m still unclear of how the lectures will be delivered. Will they be delivered online or in-person? I don&#39;t believe the location of the classroom is specified on the SSC &#34;Courses&#34; webpage.
Urgent question about cpsc110 waitlist   As a freshman who sincerely and eager to join the cpsc110 course, I just noticed that the registration number of cpsc110 1w1 is 0, and the remaining seats of cpsc110 101 is 44. Does this mean that once I join cpsc1101w1, it can guarantee me add in cpsc110? In addition, are students in the cpsc110 1w2 list likely to be added to cpsc110 101 when cpsc110 101 is available?
Welcome to Piazza! Piazza is a Q&A platform designed to get you great answers from classmates and instructors fast. We've put together this list of tips you might find handy as you get started: Ask questions!The best way to get answers is to ask questions! Ask questions on Piazza rather than emailing your teaching staff so everyone can benefit from the response .Edit questions and answers wiki-style.Think of Piazza as a Q&A wiki for your class. Every question has just a single students' answer that students can edit collectively . Add a followup to comment or ask further questions.To comment on or ask further questions about a post, start a followup discussion. Mark it resolved when the issue has been addressed, and add any relevant information back into the Q&A above. Go anonymous.Shy? No problem. You can always opt to post or edit anonymously. Tag your posts.It's far more convenient to find all posts about your Homework 3 or Midterm 1 when the posts are tagged. Type a “#” before a key word to tag. Click a blue tag in a post or the question feed to filter for all posts that share that tag. Format code and equations.Adding a code snippet? Click the pre or tt button in the question editor to add pre-formatted or inline teletype text. Mathematical equation? Click the Fx button to ess the LaTeX editor to build a nicely formatted equation. View and download class details and resources. Click the Course Page button in your top bar to ess the class syllabus, staff contact information, office hours details, and course resources—all in one place!Contact the Piazza Team anytime with questions or comments at team@piazza.com. We love feedback!
